

--- Page 1 ---
1THE DD

--- Page 2 ---
TL:DR
2


--- Page 3 ---
IN MEMORIAM
STEVE LARRISON
▪ A KEY CONTRIBUTOR TO OUR 
DISCUSSIONS WAS OUR FRIEND 
STEVE LARRISON WHO PASSED 
AWAY IN 2023
▪ HIS WORK LIVES ON 
@STEVE_LARRISON ON X
▪ STEVE HAS TAKEN OVER THE 
WATCH FOR THE SPACEMOB; HE 
IS BURIED OVERLOOKING THE 
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER TO SEE 
EACH BLUEBIRD LAUNCH 
3


--- Page 4 ---
4TABLE OF CONTENTS
▪EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
▪TRADING ANALYSIS
▪TEAM OVERVIEW & GOVERNANCE
▪BUSINESS MODEL
▪FINANCIAL STRATEGY
▪TECHNOLOGY
▪INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
▪SPECTRUM STRATEGY
▪MARKET
▪MILITARY AND GOVERNMENT
▪FUTURE APPLICATIONS
▪MANUFACTURING
▪OPERATIONS
▪LAUNCH CAPACITY
▪REGULATION
▪COMPETITION
▪HISTORICAL CONTEXT
▪FLIGHT OBSERVATIONS


--- Page 5 ---
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
BUSINESS 
OVERVIEW
INVESTMENT 
OPPORTUNITY
WHY NOW
RISKS▪AST Spacemobile (“ASTS” and the “Company”) is pioneering a space -
based cellular broadband network designed to connect directly to 
unmodified smartphones
▪The proprietary satellite network will allow mobile network operators 
to eliminate network dead spots
▪ASTS has a go -to-market strategy to efficiently reach over ~3bn cell 
phone users after signing LOI’s with many of the world’s largest 
telecom operators
▪As a first -mover, ASTS is set to generate significant cash flow and 
receive an infrastructure valuation multiple
▪ASTS has proven the viability of its technology, which was previously 
thought to be an impossible challenge and has begun to address three 
hurdles largely within its control:  financing its constellation, securing 
U.S. regulatory approval, and finalizing its initial commercial 
agreements
▪While ASTS has proven that it can connect everyday handheld cell 
phones to a satellite, it has yet to prove it can scale its technology 
across a large constellation and does not have full regulatory approval
▪ASTS has yet to prove the earnings power of its business model
5


--- Page 6 ---
INVESTMENT OVERVIEW
6DESCRIPTION▪AST Spacemobile (“ASTS”) is developing a satellite constellation to provide Direct -To-Device (“D2D”) broadband connection to unm odified handsets.  ASTS is a 
next generation telecommunications infrastructure provider
INVESTMENT 
THESIS▪ASTS is set to commercialize the first satellite -based mobile broadband system that provides global 5G broadband to unmodified h andsets.  Backed by an 
elegant go -to-market strategy with leading mobile operators, the Company is poised to generate significant cash flow in tandem w ith its global deployment and 
enjoy attractive economics due to a multi -tenant economic model
▪In the past several years, ASTS has achieved several key technical and regulatory milestones that significantly de -risk what had  previously been viewed as a 
“binary” investment by investors. The launch and deployment of the Bluewalker -3 (“BW -3”) test satellite de -risked the technical elements of ASTS’s project, 
which subsequently was able to connect to unmodified handsets with text, voice, and broadband.  The launch of five Block 1 sa tellites showed the Company 
could execute on its build -out plan.  The commercial viability of the Company is underpinned by 50+ signed MOUs with global wire less operators, as well as a 
signed spectrum lease agreement with AT&T and Verizon as part of an FCC U.S. market access waiver, both of which have provide d a commercial and 
regulatory roadmap.  ASTS has also secured a large swatch of valuable L -band spectrum in the US, meaningfully boosting its long -term earnings power
▪As the build -out for continuous coverage is completed during 2026/2027, ASTS is expected to receive a premium valuation as inves tors identify the crucial role 
ASTS will have in bridging connectivity in a world that has an insatiable appetite for data.  ASTS’s service is applicable to  consumer devices, but likely has even 
larger B2B applicability with IoT and government applications 
MARKET▪ASTS is targeting a subset of the global mobile communications market, which could be reframed as targeting the long tail of terrestrial network equipment 
market dominated by the likes of American Tower.  Tops down and bottoms -up analysis each reveal many billions of dollars of addr essable market, including 
large B2B and government opportunities in addition to consumer markets
MANAGEMENT 
& BOARD▪ASTS is led by a successful telecommunications entrepreneur, Abel Avellan, who has had successful exits in his career
▪The ASTS board has industry experts, including the CTO of American Tower, and directors from AT&T, KKR, and Rakuten
RISKS▪The most pressing near -term risk is the Company reaching a high rate of satellite production and launches to achieve continuous coverage from its 
constellation.  Upon deployment, the first 45 -60 satellites should position the Company to realize a large positive free cash fl ow figure. Recent financings, have 
largely de -risked near -term capital needs, leaving operational execution as the key remaining risk
▪ASTS faces risks from competition, most notably SpaceX.  Other players, including Amazon, have voiced interest in entering th e D2D market, although all 
competitors will struggle to secure access to valuable terrestrial spectrum; D2D players will rarely compete face to face sin ce they will be required to partner 
with MNOs.  It is only when the MNOs are doing RFPs to choose their partners will the D2D competitors be in competition based  on the current regulatory and 
commercial landscape
RETURN PATHS▪ASTS is expected to re -rate as its first shell of satellites is commercialized.  Given the Company’s high growth potential and e xpected capital efficiency, a 
premium trading multiple is expected to underpin a valuation of at least $250 per share, which is supported by the NAV of the  Company’s large L -band 
spectrum holding.  As the Company builds out its constellation, revenue capacity could support a share price anywhere between  $250 - $1,000 per share.  
▪Notably, ASTS is poised to win large government, IoT, and military opportunities that significantly expand its total addressa ble market and therefore revenue 
opportunity

--- Page 7 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL DETAILS
7SECURITY DETAILS
▪Ticker ASTS (NASDAQ) ▪Credit Rating N/A
▪Trading Liquidity ~10MM+ Shares/Day ▪Headquarters Midland, TX
▪Dividend Per Share N/A ▪Insider Ownership 32%
SUMMARY FINANCIALS & CAPITAL STRUCTUREAST SPACEMOBILE  (“ASTS”) IS OFFERING A SPACE -BASED BROADBAND CELLULAR NETWORK FOR MOBILE PHONES


--- Page 8 ---
8INVESTMENT THESIS
▪REVOLUTIONARY TECHNOLOGYThe core rationale of the investment is that ASTS has accomplished a stunning technical feat in designing a satellite and 
accompanying software stack that allows unmodified devices to connect at broadband speeds to a satellite.  Importantly, 
ASTS has been able to achieve this technical feat while complying with strict regulatory requirements, especially those 
relating to radio interference
▪STRONG COMMERCIAL 
VIABILITYThe thesis is further underpinned by the belief that ASTS will be able to deliver data at attractive rates that disrupt curre nt 
satellite data services and become a viable substitute for terrestrial data services. ASTS should be able to address a large 
market, unlike existing satellite services that are high -cost niche products.  As a technology platform, ASTS’ technology will 
spur new use cases that were previously cost -prohibitive, thereby growing the TAM
▪TECHNICAL, COMMERCIAL & 
FINANCIAL SCALABILITYASTS' system must be scalable to meet ever -increasing data needs and consumer expectations while utilizing a commercial 
model that allows the Company to efficiently reach its end markets. The thesis is based on the effectiveness of ASTS' 
"super wholesale" commercial model that leverages its MNO partners' spectrum and existing subscriber bases under a 
revenue share model. The investment thesis is further predicated on the belief that ASTS will be able to receive large 
amounts of funding from its MNO partners, government grants, government -backed programs, and bank debt to fund its 
constellation
▪DEFENSIBLE BUSINESS MODELASTS' system is inherently a multi -tenant model because it serves global MNOs utilizing one fixed constellation. As ASTS is 
first to market and contracts with the largest MNOs, it becomes more difficult for any new entrant to enter the market 
without having to charge a much higher price. This reinforcing dynamic should cause most MNOs to contract with ASTS, 
bolstering the economies of scale / multi -tenant competitive advantage. ASTS has already locked in roughly 60 -70% of the 
U.S. market – the world’s largest and most profitable – creating a formidable economic barrier to entry for any other 
service

--- Page 9 ---
GENERATIONAL TECHNOLOGY COMPANY▪ AST SpaceMobile ("ASTS") is positioned to be a winner -take -most player in the emerging Direct -To-Device ("D2D") satellite connec tivity market. As a first mover 
that has already secured a dominant share of early telecom deals, ASTS holds a competitive position that will be difficult to  dislodge
▪ ASTS benefits from several strong and reinforcing barriers to entry that are rare to find in an early -stage company
▪COMMERCIAL BARRIERS TO ENTRY: ASTS’s most powerful moat is its commercial barrier to entry.  The Company benefits from scale advantages and 
demand -side network effects. ASTS operates a strong multi -client business model, which provides a durable competitive advantage by allowing the Company 
to spread costs across multiple telecom customers and deliver services at a cost lower than any single customer could achieve  independently. By leveraging 
its global customer base, ASTS becomes the low -cost producer while still maintaining strong pricing power; its customers would b e unable to replicate the 
service on their own at a remotely similar cost due to poor utilization on a captive system.  In many ways, ASTS is positione d similarly to how Amazon 
positioned AWS; individual customers had no ability to match AWS’s scale and cost.  ASTS’s advantage is even more significant  because it aggregates global 
demand against a fixed -cost asset.  As more telecoms contract with ASTS, the overall constellation achieves a lower break -even p rice for all involved parties. 
ASTS will extract the lion’s share of the economics.  With nearly all valuable telecom companies set to contract with ASTS, i t will be difficult to justify a 
business case for a speculative system without access to customers and their valuable spectrum —the latter being the key scarce r esource enabling the 
system.  ASTS already has 70% of the U.S. market contracted through AT&T and Verizon.  Starlink controls the remaining 30% th rough its deal with T -Mobile.  
Outside of ASTS and Starlink, any new competitor would have to forgo the most profitable telecom market in the world, which i s a death sentence to any 
business plan
▪INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY BARRIERS TO ENTRY:  ASTS has been focused on its unique IP since the Company’s inception, updating the market constantly on its 
growing patent portfolio.  Importantly, ASTS has signaled the intent to protect its unique innovations (mechanical as well as  software) by having patent 
insurance and having patent litigators on staff.  Many of the key innovations by ASTS to solve its novel problem statement of  satellite communications to 
unmodified devices will be difficult for competitors to replicate without infringing on ASTS’s rights.  Aside from the IP, th e absolute dollar investment required 
in R&D, testing, build -out, and operations to pursue a similar program is staggering and unfathomable considering the commercial  barriers to entry 
▪REGULATORY BARRIERS:  ASTS is subject to strict regulations that government radio interference, space debris, among other items.  Global regulators  will 
have little interest in approving speculative constellations that do not have financial viability and will not approve system s that do not comply with global 
standards.  ASTS’ large patent portfolio could make it difficult for other would -be competitors to develop a compliant system wi thout IP infringement.  Many 
of the regulatory processes require cooperation from telecom partners, partnerships that will be nearly impossible to create after ASTS exerts its first -mover 
advantage with leading telecom partners.  Spectrum is controlled by telecom companies and subject to strict regulations; a ne w entrant has the dilemma of 
needing telecom spectrum to demonstrate system viability, yet most of the valuable spectrum is set to be used by ASTS through  its partnerships
▪ The investment industry is also poorly equipped to identify and finance de novo space ventures.  Few investors understand the space industry, and even fewer 
investors are equipped to finance the industry, e.g. venture capitalists, especially in the shadow of SpaceX.  As a result, t he market opportunity went largely 
unnoticed as ASTS quietly advanced its constellation.  Competition was further stifled due to the “paper elephant” effect of SpaceX.  Investors were reluctant to 
invest in a market easily confused with that of SpaceX’s Starlink.  They assumed any de novo efforts would be squashed by Elon Musk’s vertically -integrated 
company.  The chilling effect of that concern left an open lane for ASTS to move forward with its unique technology that targ ets mobile satellite applications
▪ ASTS is a rare case where a U.S. -based global technology infrastructure player is emerging in a newly created market.  Similar a nalogues often result in hundreds of 
billions of dollars of market capitalization and occur once a decade.  For these reasons, the ASTS investment opportunity is a CODE RED

--- Page 10 ---
POTENTIALLY 
ONE OF THE 
WORLD’S 
FASTEST 
GROWING 
COMPANIES…
EVER
▪ With its unique “super 
wholesale” go -to-market model 
that leverages the existing 
subscribers of the world’s largest 
mobile network operators 
(“MNO”), AST SpaceMobile is 
poised to be one of the fastest 
growing companies, measured by 
both users and revenue…ever
▪ The true starting point will be 
upon the launch of Block 2, 
commencing in 202610
▪AST SpaceMobile has a built -in customer base of nearly 3BN users who are existing relationships with their mobile network 
operator and who will be offered the SpaceMobile service with availability upon build -out of the constellation 
▪AST SpaceMobile, by many measures, could be among the fastest revenue and user growth companies…ever


--- Page 11 ---
COMPANY OVERVIEW
11▪AST SpaceMobile is a space -based cellular broadband network company that is 
developing a constellation of satellites that will communicate with unmodified 
smartphones using the same cellular bands as terrestrial towers
▪The Company was founded in 2017 by Abel Avellan, who previously founded and sold 
Emerging Markets Communications, a satellite -based communications services 
provider.  Avellan has long -standing industry relationships that have helped ASTS 
navigate the complex regulatory and commercial challenges associated with the 
project
▪AST SpaceMobile is backed by AT&T, Google, Vodafone, Rakuten, American Tower, 
Samsung and others.  Importantly, AT&T and Verizon have provided ASTS access to its 
U.S. spectrum for testing and subsequently entered into a spectrum lease agreement 
and applied fo r waivers on behalf of ASTS for U.S. market access utilizing 
▪ASTS is targeting areas within developed markets that do not hav e reliable mobile 
broadband service due to cost prohibitions of installing terrestrial towers in sparsely 
populated or difficult -to-reach areas, as well as developing markets that have large 
unconnected populations.  There are over 5 billion people who do not have access to 
reliable cellular connectivity.  ASTS’s technology can also provide a fully redundant 
network alongside existing terrestrial infrastructure for enhanced connectivity   ▪ASTS’ technology is based on phased -array antennas, which can electronically steer 
and shape wireless communication beams.  The technology allows unmodified 
handsets to connect directly to the satellites.  By contrast, prior satellite phone 
systems required expensive, specialized handsets to connect, e.g. Iridium
▪Active Direct Radiating Array: Each satellite in the constellation uses an active direct 
radiating array with over nine thousand actively controlled radiating elements. This 
high flexibility allows ASTS’ satellites to control beam sidelobes effectively, mitigating 
interfering transmissions beyond the serving area boundary
▪Beamforming Capability: Each satellite can form 180 active beams and can create 
multiple beams using 95x95 element phased -array antennas. This beamforming 
capability enables precise targeting of coverage areas and allows for efficient 
management of interference levels.  Because of the unique unfurling mechanism, 
ASTS can create arrays large enough to accommodate low and mid -band spectrum, 
which due to the laws of physics, requires antennas that are spaced further away 
from each other than the equivalent high -bands (which Starlink utilizes).  Low and 
mid-bands are preferred due to their propagation properties and ability to transmit 
signals even inside of buildingsCOMPANY BACKGROUND AND BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW


--- Page 12 ---
12“IF” VS. “UNLESS” UPSIDE PATH
EARLY INVESTMENTTECHNOLOGY 
WORKSREGULATORS 
APPROVEMNO DEALS & 
REV SHARECONSTELLATION 
BUILD OUTFINANCING 
AVAILABILITYCUSTOMER 
DEMAND
▪Early in the investment, the value of ASTS in the market was governed by a long string of “if” statements, each of which had a certain amount of risk, some of which 
were binary risks. Technology risk is a binary risk, as is regulatory risk.  Financing risk was acute, as ASTS had to underta ke several highly dilutive financings to stave 
off distress.  MNO deals were expected, but not sealed and there was risk of being displaced by SpaceX.  Market size remained  hypothetical and based on uncertain 
TAM calculations and accompanying attachment ratesCURRENT SITUATION 1-YEAR FORWARD TECHNOLOGY 
UNEXPECTEDLY FAILSREGULATIONS 
CHANGEMNO DEALS & REV 
SHARE CHANGECONSTELLATION 
BUILD OUT FAILSFINANCING 
DISAPPEARSCUSTOMER 
DEMANDUNLESS
▪Currently, many of the prior “if” statements have changed to “unless” statements.  With Block 1 flying, many of the systems a re proven and constellation build -out 
is being address with the launch of the first Bluebird satellite (FM -1). FCC approval is nearly finalized and ASTS has a fully -financed constellation that is rapidly 
nearing completion.  ASTS must still show it can manufacture at scale. The other large variable to be resolved is the ultimat e end-market demand and market 
clearing price for the Spacemobile service.  While not all “if’s” are absolutes, the tipping point from “if” to “unless” can cause meaningful share price movesUNLESS UNLESSIF IF IF IF IF IF
UNLESS UNLESS IF
TECHNOLOGY 
UNEXPECTEDLY FAILSREGULATIONS 
CHANGEMNO DEALS & REV 
SHARE CHANGECONSTELLATION 
BUILD OUTFINANCING 
DISAPPEARSCUSTOMER 
DEMANDUNLESS
▪In the next 1 -2 quarters, ASTS will have its ASIC Bluebirds in orbit and operating, all the while having started commercial oper ations of its constellation.  With 6 -9 
months of commercial operating history, the revenue model and earnings power of ASTS will become more easily forecast by the market, leaving the ASTS 
investment subject to speed to scale questions and market expansions questions to price monetization and development use case s for the novel new technologyUNLESS UNLESS UNLESS UNLESS UNLESS

--- Page 13 ---
13VARIANT VIEWPOINT
MARKET COMPANYCONSENSUS VIEW INVESTMENT THESIS
▪Satellite ventures have been historically plagued by 
financial distress and difficulty reaching economic 
viability.  The market opportunity is niche
▪ASTS will struggle to finance its constellation and 
otherwise be outcompeted by SpaceX / Starlink▪ASTS has addressed prior failure points by innovating 
on technology as much as it has innovated on 
commercial strategy.  By utilizing terrestrial spectrum 
for use on unmodified devices and acquiring 
customers via MNO partners, ASTS has eliminated the 
friction that doomed other companies
▪Low-cost, low -friction connectivity will spur new and 
large use cases and displace terrestrial towers
▪While Starlink is a formidable player in fixed 
broadband, the company’s technology was not 
purpose -built for D2D communications and is seeking 
to adapt its systems for a use case not originally 
envisioned.  ASTS has a first -mover advantage and has 
quickly secured a near -monopoly -like position based 
on MNO partner market share

--- Page 14 ---
KEY EVENTS
14April 13, 2020 ASTS filed its request for U.S. Market Approval with the FCC
October 28, 2020 ASTS amended its FCC U.S. Market Access Petition to request authority only to operate in the V -Band, changing its strategy as it  relates to the approval of 
terrestrial frequencies used for the service
August 25, 2022 Starlink held a press conference with T -Mobile to announce “Above & Beyond” – their D2C offering
September 10, 2022 Bluewalker -3 launched on a Falcon 9 rocket from launchpad 39A
September 2022 Apple announced its iPhone 14 emergency satellite service utilizing the existing Globalstar satellite network
September 7, 2022 Huawei Mate 50 phone announced with support for satellite messaging
September 2022 Kerrisdale Capital puts out a short report on ASTS
November 30, 2022 ASTS announced a marketed secondary of stock with a $75MM raised
December 15, 2022 NASA and AST Spacemobile signed a joint Space Act Agreement to improve spaceflight safety and formalized the existing coopera tion to protect assets in LOE
March 6, 2023 AST announced collaboration with US Prime Contractor, Fairwinds for military business
April 12, 2023 FCC announces NPRM for the SCS (“Supplemental Coverage from Space”) proposed rulemaking.
May 22, 2023 AST announced inclusion in Russell 2000 and Russell 3000 indices
June 27, 2023 AST raises $100MM of common stock
July 17, 2023 AST Files its waiver request for the AT&T spectrum lease
September 19, 2023 AST announces it achieved 5G broadband connectivity on BW -3
January 18, 2024 AST announces strategic investment from Google, AT&T, and Vodafone
February 22, 2024 The FCC releases the proposed SCS Rules & Order
February 8, 2024 AST announces the award of a contract with the U.S. Government
March 12, 2024 AST announces that it will register its constellation in the U.S.
March 14, 2024 The FCC unanimously approves its SCS rules that specifically include the spectrum frequencies requested by AST
March 27, 2024 AST announced that its ASIC chip, crucial for its Next Generation Block 2 satellites, has entered the tape -out phase with TSMC
May 15, 2024 ASTS & AT&T announce the signing of a definitive commercial agreement running through 2030
May 29, 2024 ASTS announced a strategic investment and commercial MOU from Verizon
June 4, 2024 ASTS adds industry veteran Johan Wibergh to the board; Wibergh is the former CTO of Vodafone

--- Page 15 ---
KEY EVENTS
15June 14, 2024 ASTS disclosed 21mbps speeds achieved on BW -3
June 25, 2024 ASTS announces management changes, elevating Scott Wisniewski to the role of President
July 25, 2024 ASTS announced the completion of its Block 1 builds, with the satellites to ship first week of August 
August 2, 2024 ASTS receives FCC approval for V -band access (backhaul) for its Block 1 satellites
August 15, 2024 ASTS announced acceleration of Block 2 satellites and reiterated no additional secondary stock sales planned within 2024
August 28, 2024 ASTS announces the redemption of it warrants
September 5, 2024 ASTS announces a 3 -year $400MM ATM
September 12, 2024 ASTS successfully launched the first 5 commercial satellites (“Block 1”)
October 2, 2024 ASTS announces completion of warrant redemption, yielding $153.6MM
October 4, 2024 ASTS announced the successful unfurling of the first Block 1 satellite
October 18, 2024 ASTS announced the successful unfurling of two additional Block 1 satellites
October 23, 2024 ASTS announces it is a U.S. government prime contractor and selected for the HALO satellite program
October 25, 2024 ASTS announces the completion of unfurling for all five Block 1 satellites 
November 14. 2024 ASTS announces a Multi -Launch Agreement with ISRO, SpaceX, and Blue Origin for the launch of 60 satellites 
December 9, 2024 ASTS announces 10 -year definitive agreement with Vodafone
January 22, 2025 ASTS announces $400MM convertible bond issue
January 23, 2025 ASTS receives FCC STA for fronthaul testing on AT&T spectrum
January 29, 2025 Appointment of Keith Larson to Board of Directors
January 29, 2025 Vodafone announces first video call from Bluebirds
January 30, 2025 ASTS announces Verizon and AT&T FCC approval
February 24, 2025 AT&T and Verizon announce first videocalls from Bluebirds
February 26, 2025 ASTS secures $43MM contract from the US Space Development Agency
March 2, 2025 ASTS and Vodafone create jointly -owned European satellite service business

--- Page 16 ---
KEY EVENTS
16April 15, 2025 ASTS receives FCC authorization to test on Band 14, the dedicated FirstNet Spectrum
April 23, 2025 Rakuten and ASTS announce first video calls from Japan
May 28, 2025 ASTS partners with Singapore’s Defense Science & Technology Agency
June 12, 2025 ASTS announces the completion of its ASIC chip
June 12, 2025 ASTS files a revised SCS application
June 13, 2025 ASTS reaches settlement to advance Ligado transaction
June 26, 2025 ASTS demonstrates Tactical Non -Terrestrial Network Capabilities to US Military
July 11, 2025 ASTS receives FCC approval for its first Bluebird Block 2 satellite, FM -1
July 18, 2025 ASTS announces $550MM Ligado financing facility
July 25, 2025 ASTS announces $500MM 2.375% convertible bond struck at $72.07
August 6, 2025 ITU priority rights acquired from Eliosat
August 29, 2025 ASTS receives FCC approval for next 20 satellites of Block 2 for TC&C
September 28, 2025 Confirmation order for Ligado bankruptcy submitted 
September 30, 2025 ASTS announces FM -1 (BlueBird 6) will leave for India on October 12 while BlueBird 7 will depart for Cape Canaveral in October 
October 1, 2025 ASTS announces a firm shipment date for FM -1
October 2, 2025 ASTS announces the first 4G VoLTE voice call, broadband data connection, and video streaming with Bell Canada
October 8. 2025 Verizon announces a definitive agreement with ASTS
October 21, 2025 ASTS announces 2% $850MM convertible bonds due 2036
October 29, 2025 ASTS announced a 10 -year deal with Saudi Telecom with large minimum guaranteed revenue and a $175MM prepayment
November 6, 2025 Vodafone and ASTS announce new EU satellite constellation with operations based in Germany
December 8, 2025 ASTS files its Ligado FCC application
December 19, 2025 ASTS announces a December 23, 2025 launch date for FM -1
December 21, 2025 ASTS announces FM -2 has shipped to Cape Canaveral

--- Page 17 ---
KEY EVENTS
17December 23, 2025 The first Bluebird satellite, FM -1, is successfully launched from India

--- Page 18 ---
FM-1/2 DEPLOYMENT 
& LAUNCH
BLOCK 2 LAUNCH
GOLDEN DOME
REGULATORY 
UPDATES▪ASTS’ first Next Generation satellite, FM -1, launched in India on December 23, 2025.  
The satellite will deploy in the subsequent weeks.  FM -2 is to launch in early 2026
▪ASTS is expected to ship and launch its next satellites, kicking off an accelerated 
pace of launch as its builds out its fully constellation 
▪ASTS is expected to win meaningful contracts as part of the Golden Dome missile 
defense project.  Any contract wins would show the far -reaching TAM of ASTS’ 
technology and provide a large base of revenues
▪ASTS should receive approvals for front -haul transmissions under the SCS rules.  
While approvals are usually given directly before launches, it is possible additional 
regulatory visibility is provided in the near -term
18NEAR TERM CATALYSTS

--- Page 19 ---
WEAK SHAREHOLDER 
BASE & LACK OF 
INSTITUTIONAL 
OWNERSHIP
EXECUTION OVER 
R&D EXPERIMENT
CASCADING EFFECT 
OF BAD NEWS
COMPOUND 
INVESTMENT RISK▪Since its IPO, ASTS has failed to attract large sponsorship from marquee long -only investors.  Relegated as 
‘another deSPAC,’ the shares have been at the whims of retail investors without strong support from a stable 
base.  This has left the share price overly exposed to market moves, especially the dramatic increase in interest 
rates in recent years.  ASTS trades lock -step with “non -profitable innovation” stocks, with pronounced 
drawdowns in “risk off” environments 
▪ASTS succeeded in many crucial milestones, such as the technical performance of its first six satellites, the to -
date navigation of a complex regulatory regime, and attracting industrial partners
▪However, the success of BW -3 was not a valuation unlock and instead treated for what it was:  an early R&D 
experiment and proof of concept.  The market was unwilling to look through the successful technical 
accomplishments of the Company and has waited to see success at scaling the technology.  Operational 
execution was the key risk priced by the market and many investors were simply too early
▪The cascading impact of negative events, primarily delays in scaling the technology, resulted in a transition of 
the key risks priced by the market from technical feasibility to solvency
▪When BW -3 was initially delayed, it set off a cascading impact of liquidity hits that ultimately put the Company 
in a precarious financial situation.  In hindsight, only once the Company was able to demonstrate control over 
its destiny and show an ability to manage expectations would the shares become “investable” in a way that 
would result in a favorable revaluation
▪An investment in ASTS imposes technology risk, execution risk, regulatory risk, and financing risk on investors
▪The technology risk was a binary risk, and was expected to unlock significant value once addressed (it mostly 
has)
▪However, poor execution (delays) caused financial risk to impose a cost of financial distress in the shares, which 
became self -fulfilling when the Company effectively lost access to public capital markets in early 2024
19LESSONS TO DATE


--- Page 20 ---
CAPITALIZATION TABLE▪ ASTS has started to attract a 
strong shareholder base, but still 
has a significant shareholder 
transition set to occur upon 
scaled commercial operations 
▪ Upon clearing commercial and 
financial milestones, the 
evolution of the shareholder base 
will continue to evolve with large 
long -only support
▪ Current trading is largely 
influenced by retail flows, leading 
to excessive volatility and limited 
price support. As ASTS transitions 
from a pre -revenue project 
company to a revenue -generating 
enterprise, price volatility will 
decline
▪ For instance, ASTS should aim for 
10% ownership by Blackrock and 
Vanguard, along with significant 
passive ownership from ETFs. If a 
public sponsor emerges, an 
additional 10 -20% of the float 
could be absorbed. In total, 30 -
40% of the current public float is 
not yet held by the permanent 
holders one would expect. The 
transition to a mature 
shareholder base will significantly 
impact the traded float
20


--- Page 21 ---
POTENTIAL OWNERSHIP BASE▪ While ASTS has not yet established a 
mature institutional shareholder base, 
the Company will likely receive a 
significant allocation from adjacent 
pools of capital that will have a direct 
interest in understanding ASTS and 
hedging the risk of disruption to their 
existing portfolios
▪ Investors in terrestrial tower 
companies will have a direct interest in 
evaluating ASTS.  Huge gross market 
caps exist in this sector.  While 
terrestrial tower companies are likely 
to exist for decades to come, their 
growth prospects could be materially 
impacted by ASTS.  Legacy satellite 
companies never posed a threat, e.g. 
Iridium, because of niche market 
segment strategies.  For this reason, 
ASTS will likely garner significant 
attention by market participants
▪ Telecom investors will always look to 
understand suppliers in the value chain 
and potentially consider investments 
▪ At a future stage of maturity, it is 
possible that ASTS attracts capital from 
the cable industry due to industry 
familiarity with geostationary satellite 
companies such as DISH
▪ Although a small market, pure play 
satellite investors will clearly see the 
disruptive thread posed by ASTS and 
likely rotate into the shares
21▪Given ASTS’ enormous adjacent 
markets, only a very small amount of 
cross -ownership will create immense 
dollar flows toward the stock
▪While there is bound to be significant 
direct interest in ASTS from special 
situation funds, growth funds, hedge 
funds, etc., the impact from long only 
investors and industry -focused pods 
will likely be disproportionate as they 
contemplate ASTS’s impact on 
growth rates and invest even small 
amounts in ASTS as a ‘hedge’
▪For example, AMT, CCI, and SBAC 
investors will need to assess the 
long -term impact to growth rates 
that ASTS will have on their outlooks, 
likely causing them to buy ASTS stock
▪Very small changes in overall capital 
allocations will have amplified 
impacts on ASTS’ stock price


--- Page 22 ---
TRADING 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 23 ---
ASTS TRADING 
ANALYSIS INTO 
2024
▪ ASTS stock had been locked into 
a downtrend amid a) uncertainty 
around an unfunded capital 
structure, b) rising interest rates, 
and c) uncertainty around 
operational execution
▪ Visibility into Block 1 launch, 
customer contracts, and funding 
caused a dramatic re -rating of the 
shares from Summer 2024
23▪Initial discovery by 
investors during the 
SPAC bubble
▪Initial delay of 
Bluewalker -3▪Anticipation of imminent 
Bluewalk -3 launch▪Anticipation of 
Strategic Financing▪AT&T Definitive 
Agreement Signed
▪Verizon MOU Signed▪Block 1 finished
▪FCC Approval
▪BB2 Acceleration▪Block 1 launched

--- Page 24 ---
TRADING:  
LAUNCH 
VISIBILITY – 
BLOCK 1
▪ Block 1 was delayed from an 
original late 2023 target, in part, 
due to issues with critical 
vendors. The stock price started 
to trade very strongly once it 
became clear that the project 
would launch and as guidance 
reflected “when” not “if”
▪ Even 1 –3-month delays at the 
project completion were 
overwhelmed by the value of 
project completion certainty24
Strategic 
Financing 
AnnouncedVendor delays 
announced for 
Block 1, 
“Transport to 
Cape between 
July-August)AT&T DA 
announced; 
Block 1 
reaffirmed as 
July - AugustBlock 1 PR that 
announced 
final assembly 
complete and 
ready to ship in 
August with 
Sept launch 
windowSatellites arrive 
at the Cape.  
Sept reaffirmedFCC license 
received.  1H 
September 
reiterated

--- Page 25 ---
TRADING:  
LAUNCH 
VISIBILITY – 
BLOCK 2
▪ ASTS continued to have large re -
valuations as investors saw 
progress with operational 
execution
▪ Fits and starts around the exact 
timing of satellite deliveries drove 
+100% / -50% moves in the stock 
(often accompanying broader 
macroeconomic factors)
25Ligado 
progress and 
Elon Musk 
conflict with 
Trump drives 
re-valuationOctober 8, 
2025:  ASTS 
announces a 
DA with VerizonNovember 21, 
2025:  ASTS 
announced 
December 15, 
2025 launch 
date for FM -1December 1, 
2025:  ASTS 
tweets 5 
launches by 
March
Sept 30, 2025: 
BB6 completed 
with Oct. 12 
shipment.  BB7 
is expected to 
ship in 
October.  BB 8 -
16 in various 
stages of 
production 
December 14, 2025:  FM -1 is encapsulated. 
December 19, 2025:  Launch date set for 
December 23, 2025
December 23, 
2026:  FM -1 
launched

--- Page 26 ---
VALUATION 
REGIMES 
2022 -2024
▪ In 2021/2022 amid a low -interest 
rate environment, ASTS shares 
traded on robust future 
expectations around growth
▪ In 2023 – 2024, the shares traded 
with a high implied cost of 
financial distress given enormous 
financing uncertainty until 
milestones were achieved that 
addressed many of those 
uncertainties
26$2-4$20  - $30$100+
DISTRESS BLOCK 2 FULL CONSTELLATION
•Amid financial strategy 
uncertainty, investors 
price risk of punitive 
dilution•Simple math suggests 
the first phase of the 
continuous service 
constellation supports a 
>$30/share valuation•At $2/GB, the full 
system supports $2.5BN 
of revenue, which at 15x 
EBITDA equates to $100PRICE PER SHARE▪ASTS sells data in areas not covered by terrestrial networks.  Each satellite can 
generate 100MM GB per year gross
▪When giving effect to utilization, expected billable data is between 15 -30MM GB per 
satellite per year.  The full constellation is expected to be 100 satellites, although to 
add capacity (given demand) 200+ satellites are possible
▪At $2/GB, revenue potential is $1.5BN - $3BN per year on 100 satellites, or $3BN - 
$6BN on 200 satellites
▪Contribution margin should be 95% with SG&A of ~$100MM per year.  Pricing could 
be materially higher than the $2/GB
PRICE PER SHARE

--- Page 27 ---
27VALUATION REGIMES 2022 -2024
VIABILITY CONCERNS
DISTRESSED “OPTION VALUE” STOCK
▪Amid heightened financial uncertainty and 
facing the prospects of highly dilutive 
secondary offerings, ASTS stock traded with 
mere option valueRATIONAL GROWTH 
DISCOUNT TO FUTURE NAV
▪Absent market ebullience, ASTS trades on a 
risk-weighted basis of near -term 
commercial prospects, largely a discount to 
Block 2 expected earnings powerSPECULATIVE GROWTH
FULL VALUE
▪In a zero interest rate, highly speculative 
market, ASTS trades with the expected 
value of continuous coverage satellitesVALUATION REGIME ▪ ASTS has passed through all three valuation regimes in the past 4 years
SPECULATIVE 
GROWTH
RATIONAL GROWTH
VIABILITY 
CONCERNS

--- Page 28 ---
VALUATION 
REGIMES 
2025+
▪ With significant technology, 
financing, regulatory, and 
commercial de -risking, the 
valuation -regimes of ASTS has 
markedly changed versus earlier 
periods
28$40-50$100+$250+
NAV 2026 COVERAGE MULTI SHELL
•A cash -rich balance 
sheet, large US 
spectrum position, and 
early operations 
supports NAV•At $2/GB, the full 
system supports $2.5BN 
of revenue, which at 15x 
EBITDA equates to $100 
per share•A rapidly -expanding 
commercial and 
government 
opportunity massively 
expands upside PRICE PER SHARE▪The successful acquisition of 45MHz of Ligado L -band spectrum put a significant 
NAV -floor on the ASTS share price, which was shortly substantiated by SpaceX 
$23BN acquisition of similar spectrum from EchoStar
▪What had been an upside case in prior years as been rapidly substantiated by 
contracts and milestone progress.  As ASTS proves timely shipments of its Next 
Generation satellites, the market will vacillate between NAV and a 2026 Coverage 
estimate of value ($20bn - $40bn market cap)
▪The rapid evolution of ASTS’ TAM and opportunity to support multiple shells, along 
with new commercial structures (SatCo, for one), has substantially increased the 
upside opportunity for the Company.  The efficient aggregation of spectrum is one of 
the largest value creation opportunities in front of the Company, along with 
important government contracts PRICE PER SHARE

--- Page 29 ---
29VALUATION REGIMES 2025+
NAV
UNCERTAIN EXECUTION
▪Amid heightened financial uncertainty and 
facing the prospects of highly dilutive 
secondary offerings, ASTS stock traded with 
mere option valueCONTINUOUS COVERAGE
NEAR -TERM VISIBILITY
▪Absent market ebullience, ASTS trades on a 
risk-weighted basis of near -term 
commercial prospects, largely a discount to 
Block 2 expected earnings powerFULL CONSTELLATION
MARKET CONFIDENCE
▪With high future visibility around TAM and 
competitive moats, the market is able to 
run ahead of near -term fundamentals are 
start discounting rough assessments of 
terminal valueVALUATION REGIME ▪ ASTS is showing rational valuation levels based on market conditions and milestone achievement
UNCERTAIN EXECUTIONNEAR -TERM VISIBILITYMARKET CONFIDENCE

--- Page 30 ---
SELL SIDE RESEARCH
30▪ASTS benefits from expanding sell -side research coverage
▪While analysts have acknowledged the large upside opportunity, most target prices roughly mirror the current stock trading ra ngeASTS SELL SIDE RESEARCH

--- Page 31 ---
SELL SIDE RESEARCH (cont.)▪ While ASTS’ technology is exciting, the 
translation of those technical feats to 
underpin a business model will be the 
determining factor in the share price
▪ While many variables will impact 
revenue and earnings in the future, all 
of which are highly uncertain to 
outsiders, a study of sell -side models 
shows that investors’ high expectations 
are not unfounded
▪ ASTS’ financial prospects will be 
determined by paying subscribers and 
ARPU.  With its unique ‘super 
wholesale’ business model utilizing the 
subscriber bases of its MNO partners, 
ASTS has a vast serviceable addressable 
market and is not responsible for the 
user acquisition spend.  As such, as 
much as analysts’ estimates of up to 
$5BN of revenue by 2030 might seem 
far fetched, a bottom -up analysis 
suggests it is quite possible to achieve
31


--- Page 32 ---
CONENSUS ESTIMATES▪ As visibility around the 
technology, financing, and 
manufacturing milestones have 
become clearer, ASTS has 
benefited from a rapid increase in 
sell-side sales forecasts
▪ Recent prepayments and 
minimum revenue commitments 
from MNO contracts supports the 
case that sell -side estimates are 
poised for further upward 
revisions in the near -term
32$0$500$1,000$1,500$2,000$2,500$3,000Analyst Forecasted Revenue 2027E

--- Page 33 ---
TEAM & GOVERNANCE 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 34 ---
MANAGEMENT SUMMARY
34
CEO – Abel Avellan
CFO – Andrew Johnson
CTO – Huiwen Yao▪BACKGROUND:  Andrew Johnson, AST SpaceMobile’s Chief Legal Officer, was appointed to serve in the additional role of Chief Financial Offic er.  Johnson joined AST 
SpaceMobile in May from 3D Systems Corporation, –a publicly traded provider of 3D printers, where he served in senior roles incl uding EVP, Chief Corporate 
Development Officer and Chief Legal Officer, Interim President and CEO, and Interim CFO
▪QUALITATIVE ASSESSMENT:  Johnson has public -company experience and served in various senior leadership roles, which gives him valuable perspective to nav igate 
the dynamic environment at ASTS
▪ECONOMIC ALIGNMENT:  Johnson receives at $250,000 salary and a 150,000 share RSU award for 2024 and an additional 150,000 share RSU award for 2025 .  Johnson 
owned ~60,000 shares at October 6, 2025
▪BACKGROUND:  Yao brings 30+ years’ successful experience in engineering team building and management, system architecture, research and te chnology 
development and program execution in communications satellites.  Previously, he was the Senior Director of Commercial Payload /RF Engineering in the Space 
Systems Group of Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems.  Dr. Yao is the author of more than 55 technical papers and a book chap ter in the fields of 
communications systems, antennas, microwave/RF components and EM simulations/CAD. He has been granted thirteen U.S. and inter national patents. He received 
a Ph.D. in electronic physics from the University of Maryland.
▪QUALITATIVE ASSESSMENT:  No interactions with Yao have been made, so a first -hand assessment has not been possible.  A third -party review of published wo rk and 
patents would be next steps during continued diligence
▪ECONOMIC ALIGNMENT:  Yao’s compensation is not disclosed▪BACKGROUND:  Avellan is AST’s Chairman, founder and Chief Executive Officer since its inception in 2017.  Prior to founding AST, Mr. Avell an served as the founder 
and Chief Executive Officer of Emerging Markets Communications (EMC), a satellite -based communications services provider to mari time and other mobility markets, 
from 2000 until its sale for $550 million in July 2016
▪QUALITATIVE ASSESSMENT:  Abel is a consummate engineer that has shown good commercial and economic instincts and importantly, has been able to attract  
significant talent into the Company.  He has shown to have meaningful industry relationships
▪ECONOMIC ALIGNMENT:  Avellan owns 78MM shares of ASTS’s Class C equity

--- Page 35 ---
MANAGEMENT SUMMARY
35Pres.  – Scott Wisniewski
COO – Shanti Gupta▪BACKGROUND:  Shanti Gupta, currently Chief Accounting Officer, was promoted to the role of Chief Operating Officer. In addition to his rol e as Chief Accounting 
Officer, Gupta has been driving many aspects of the company operations including supply chain, vendor relationships and negot iations, cost optimization, risk 
management, and information technology. As AST SpaceMobile transitions from technology development to full -scale manufacturing a nd production, Gupta’s full 
time focus on operations, institutional knowledge of the business, and leadership will be crucial in enhancing operational ex cellence, driving cost efficiencies, and 
making this critical phase of global expansion successful
▪QUALITATIVE ASSESSMENT:  Gupta was previously a partner at EY prior to joining ASTS in 2021.  
▪ECONOMIC ALIGNMENT:  Gupta’s compensation package has not yet been disclosed ▪BACKGROUND:  Scott Wisniewski, AST SpaceMobile’s Chief Strategy Officer, was elevated to the additional role of President, leveraging his extensive industry 
experience to oversee a broader scope encompassing commercialization efforts, product development, and regulatory affairs, in  addition to continuing to lead 
capital markets strategy, corporate development and investor relations. Since joining AST SpaceMobile in March 2021, Wisniews ki has driven significant corporate 
agreements and milestones for the company, including raising over $600 million of capital in the form of equity, convertible notes, and non -dilutive prepayments for 
the company. With this strategic realignment, he will broaden his focus to include driving revenue and growth and working to ensure the seamless transition from 
strategy to execution for the AST SpaceMobile network
▪QUALITATIVE ASSESSMENT:  Wisniewski was instrumental in navigating ASTS through a tumultuous period when capital marketed dried up, leaving ASTS in a wea k 
capital position amid unexpected delays 
▪ECONOMIC ALIGNMENT:  Wisniewski receives a $250,000 salary  and a 150,000 share RSU award for 2024 and an additional 150,000 share RSU award for 2 025.  
Wisniewski owned ~500,000 shares as of October 6, 2025

--- Page 36 ---
MANAGEMENT SUMMARY
36
CCO – Chris Ivory
CS – Sriram Jayasimha
CS – Raymond Sedwick▪BACKGROUND:  Sriram is the Chief Scientist, Commercial Applications and brings a 30 -year successful track record of IP creation and product d esign for the global 
telecommunications markets. He has authored 42 peer -reviewed journal and conference publications in an array of digital -signal -processing applications, including: 
mobility, satellite communications, modem, VLSI and instrumentation signal processing.  A named inventor on 21 U.S. and Europ ean patents, Sriram was a fellow of 
the Center of Advanced Engineering Study at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He earned his B.Tech and M.S. degree s in electrical engineering from the 
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
▪BACKGROUND:  Serving as the Chief Scientist, Space Systems, Dr. Raymond J. Sedwick is a Keystone Associate Professor and the Director of t he Space Power and 
Propulsion Laboratory in the Aerospace Engineering Department at the University of Maryland. His research interests broadly i nclude in -space power generation and 
propulsion, formation flight technologies and novel space architectures.  He is an associate fellow of the AIAA, a NASA Innov ative Advanced Concepts fellow, an 
associate editor of the AIAA Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, and currently serves as chair of the AIAA Nuclear and Future Flight Technical Committee. Dr. 
Sedwick received a B.S. in aerospace engineering from Penn State University and an M.S. and Ph.D. from the MIT Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics.▪BACKGROUND:  Chris is the Chief Commercial Officer and brings over 26 years of senior -level experience in the satellite and telecommunication s industry. Most 
recently, he was executive vice president and GM of commercial solutions for Globecomm where he served as business unit leade r for satellite services across all 
commercial vertical market segments.
▪Prior, Ivory served as vice president of land solutions for Global Eagle and senior vice president of government, enterprise and channel partners for EMC. He also held 
leadership positions with several other telecom companies in the U.S., Mexico and Argentina. He earned a Bachelor of Arts fro m the State University of New York at 
Courtland and also studied at Universidad de Oviedo in Spain.

--- Page 37 ---
MANAGEMENT SUMMARY
37
CEO – Abel Avellan▪CAREER HISTORY:  Prior to founding AST Spacemobile, Avellan founded Emerging Markets Communication (“EMC”).  EMC specialized in mission -critical 
communications and content to governments, NGO’s, and multinational corporations operating in remote regions of the world.  E MC became one of the 
largest providers of connectivity solutions for cruise, ferries, yachts, NGO and cellular backhaul markets.  First and foreca st, EMC focused on harnessing 
relationships with telecom companies to solve connectivity issues in hard -to-reach markets such as maritime
▪Ericsson:  After spending his early career installing satellites in Africa, Avellan worked for Ericsson in Sweden
▪EMC:  EMC was founded in 2000 and served more than 200 customers in over 140 countries.  In 2012, EMC exited to ABRY Partners.  Whi le deal terms 
were not made public, it is likely Avellan received the bulk of his net worth through the transaction; he remained as CEO of the Company and is 
believed to have retained less than 10% ownership (likely through an ESOP grant)
▪EMC was an LBO where ABRY likely recouped its capital via a dividend recapitalization.  In 2016, Global Eagle (“ENT”) acquire d EMC for ~$550MM.  
The transaction value was comprised of $386MM of debt assumption, $83MM cash, and 6.6MM shares of ENT.  As an LBO, EMC was he avily levered.  
The acquiror ENT rolled the debt over at L+750bps, taking its combined leverage to 3.0x, which should be put in the context o f the underlying cyclical 
customer base consisting of airlines and cruise lines  
▪ENT ultimately encountered trouble with its levered capital structure and struggled to manage its internal controls in the wa ke of the merger.  After 
the waiting period whereby ABRY and EMC shareholders were paid their deferred consideration, Avellan resigned as the Presiden t and CSO of ETN to 
“pursue new entrepreneurial opportunities” (ASTS)
▪Avellan’s relationships at EMC created the nucleus for the strategic partnerships he would need to launch ASTS.  Specifically , EMC had a JV with AT&T 
to provide 3G services to cruise passengers.  ASTS would come to rely heavily on AT&T to navigate the U.S. bureaucratic proce ss around spectrum 
testing and U.S. market access
▪PATENT PORTFOLIO:  Avellan is co -investor of 22 U.S. patented technologies, including technological processes of satellite communications with 
applications on satellite bandwidth re -utilization and reduction of antenna sizes for mobility applications, HD video conferenci ng over satellite, cloud -
based browsing over satellite, new high -throughput satellite platforms for GEO, MEO, and LEO satellites, and Spacemobile Direct to UE satellite system
▪FEEDBACK:  Avellan is respected as a hands -on, hard -charging engineer who views the world through a scientific lens.  Employees remark that  they have never 
seen a CEO “with such a drive to success.”  Avellan also appears to have created an environment that attracts top talent
▪PATTERN OF SUCCESS:  As a two -time founder, Avellan was able to get himself an initial exit on EMC via a PE -back LBO and subsequently deliver an exit  to his 
LBO partners.  He was able to raise ~$120MM of private capital up until attracting an attractive SPAC partner to IPO ASTSEDUCATION:  Universidad Simon 
Bolivar with a B.S. in Electrical 
Engineering
PERSONAL LIFE:  Avellan, 52, lives 
in Miami, FL with his wife and son.  
EARLY LIFE:  Avellan was born in 
Venezuela and in interviews, 
comments about growing up poor.  
His first job was as a satellite 
installer in Africa, where he was 
first exposed to the satellite 
industry and the lack of 
connectivity around the world
CAREER ANALYSIS

--- Page 38 ---
MANAGEMENT SUMMARY
38CEO – Abel Avellan▪CAREER HISTORY:  Mr. Wisniewski oversees commercialization efforts, product development, and regulatory affairs, as well as corporate developm ent, capital 
markets and financing strategy, and investor relations. Since joining the company in 2021, he has driven significant corporat e agreements and milestones for 
the company, including raising over $600 million of capital in the form of equity, convertible notes, and non -dilutive prepaymen ts. Previously, Mr. Wisniewski was 
Managing Director of Technology, Media & Telecommunications Investment Banking at Barclays, advising clients on raising capit al and M&A for over a 
decade. While at Barclays, he advised AST SpaceMobile on the 2021 business combination transaction, which raised $462.0 milli on in gross proceeds, and the 
2019 strategic investment transaction, which raised $110.0 million of gross proceeds. Earlier in his career, he was a managem ent consultant focused on supplier 
development and a mechanical design engineer. Mr. Wisniewski received a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Dartmouth College  and a Master of Business 
Administration degree from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business
▪Barclays:  Wisniewski was the head of TMT at Barclays where he covered telecom infrastructure, space technology, and leisure and enterta inment
▪FEEDBACK:  Wisniewski is well -regarded by its peers at Barclays and despite tumult in the ASTS share price during a period rising interest rates and project 
delays, he was able to deliver crucial strategic deals for ASTS
▪PATTERN OF SUCCESS:  Wisniewski has had a successful career marked by success
EDUCATION:  BA from Dartmouth, 
MBA from University of Chicago
PERSONAL LIFE:  Wisniewski splits 
his time between his home in New 
Hampshire and Miami
CAREER ANALYSISCFO – Sean Wallace Pres.  – Scott Wisniewski

--- Page 39 ---
MANAGEMENT SUMMARY
39CEO – Abel Avellan▪CAREER HISTORY:  Shanti Gupta, currently Chief Accounting Officer, was promoted to the role of Chief Operating Officer. In addition to his rol e as Chief 
Accounting Officer, Gupta has been driving many aspects of the company operations including supply chain, vendor relationship s and negotiations, cost 
optimization, risk management, and information technology. As AST SpaceMobile transitions from technology development to full -scale manufacturing and 
production, Gupta’s full time focus on operations, institutional knowledge of the business, and leadership will be crucial in  enhancing operational excellence, 
driving cost efficiencies, and making this critical phase of global expansion successful
▪KPMG:  Gupta started as a Senior Associate in India
▪Deloitte:  Gupta worked at Deloitte in New York from 2005 to 2014
▪EY:  Gupta was a partner at EY from 2014 until leaving to join ASTS in 2021
▪FEEDBACK:  No feedback has been received
▪PATTERN OF SUCCESS:  Gupta achieved clear success at EY, but it remains to be seen what experiences are underpinning his ability to lead as Chief Ope rating 
Officer EDUCATION:  Shri Ram College of 
Commerce (B. Commerce)
CAREER ANALYSISCFO – Sean Wallace COO  – Shanti Gupta

--- Page 40 ---
MANAGEMENT SUMMARY
40CEO – Abel Avellan▪CAREER HISTORY:  Andrew Johnson, AST SpaceMobile’s Chief Legal Officer, was appointed to serve in the additional role of Chief Financial Offic er.  Johnson 
joined AST SpaceMobile in May from 3D Systems Corporation, –a publicly traded provider of 3D printers, where he served in senior  roles including EVP, Chief 
Corporate Development Officer and Chief Legal Officer, Interim President and CEO, and Interim CFO
▪Hunton & Williams:  Johnson started as an Associate lawyer in 2002, where he stayed until 2006
▪3D Systems:  In 2006, Johnson joined 3D Systems as Assistant General Counsel and ultimately held roles as interim CFO, CEO, Chief Legal Of ficer, Chief 
Development Officer, and, President
EDUCATION:  BA from Miami 
University (1996), JD from 
University of Virginia (1999), MBA 
from University of Michigan (2019)
CAREER ANALYSISCFO – Sean Wallace CFO – Andrew Johnson

--- Page 41 ---
MANAGEMENT SUMMARY
41
CEO – Abel Avellan▪CAREER HISTORY:  Yao spent the bulk of his career at Northrup Grumman where he was responsible for large satellite projects
▪BEIJING INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY:  Yao taught and researched microwave communications, antenna design, and electromagnetic theory
▪NORTHROP GRUMMAN (ORBITAL ATK):  Yao was Senior Director of Commercial Payload / RF Engineering in the Space Systems Group.  He spent over 
20 years at Orbital ATK (acquired by Northrup.  In the early 2000’s, he was the Chief System engineer for the PAS -11 and Horizon -2 satellites and the 
Payload Manager for the Telkom -2 satellite
▪PAS-11 Satellite:  Built for Intelsat, the PAS -11 is a geostationary satellite that carries 18 Ku -band and 16 C -band transponders and provides 
direct -to-home TV broadcasting, data -networking, and government communications.  The satellite weighs 2,491 kg
▪Horizon 2 Satellite:  Built for Intelsat, the Horizon -2 satellite has 20 active Ku -band transponders, with a total weight of 2,304 kg
▪Telkom -2 Satellite:  Built for Indonesia’s PT Telkom, the satellite carries 24 C -band transponders with a total mass of 1,930 kg.  
▪FEEDBACK:  Further interviews and reference checks are required as part of continued diligence
▪PATTERN OF SUCCESS:  Yao appeared to have upward trajectory at Northrup Grumman where he was asked with large satellite projects.  Yao has been 
granted 15 US and international patents
EDUCATION:  B.S. and M.S. 
Degrees in Electrical Engineering at 
Beijing Institute of Technology and 
PhD in Electronic Physics from 
University of Maryland
PERSONAL LIFE:  Further research 
is needed
EARLY LIFE:  Further research is 
needed
CAREER ANALYSIS
CTO – Huiwen Yao

--- Page 42 ---
GOVERNANCE
CHAIRMAN & CEO SUPER VOTING SHARES BOARD
▪ Abel Avellan is the Chairman and 
CEO, which is consistent with his 
voting control of the Company▪ Avellan owns super voting shares 
that give him approximately 85% 
voting control (versus his 20% 
economic control on a fully 
diluted basis)▪ ASTS has a 13 -member board, of 
which 3 seats are vacant.  5 board 
members qualify as independent
▪ Julio Torres is the lead 
independent director
42

--- Page 43 ---
JULIO TORRES
ADRIANA CISNEROS
KEITH LARSON
LUKE IBBETSON▪Mr. Torres, age 56, has served on ASTS’ Board of Directors since April 2021. Mr. Torres has served as the 
managing partner at Multiple Equilibria Capital, a financial advisory firm, since March 2013. Mr. Torres has 
served as the Chief Executive Officer and member of the board of directors of Andina Acquisition Corp. III 
since January 2019. From August 2015 to March 2018, Mr. Torres served as Chief Executive Officer and a 
member of the board of directors of Andina Acquisition Corp. II, a blank check company that 
consummated an initial business combination with Lazy Days’ R.V. Center, Inc
▪Ms. Cisneros, age 43, has been on the ASTS board since April 2021. Since September 2013, Ms. Cisneros 
has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Cisneros, a global enterprise focused on media & 
entertainment, digital advertising solutions, real estate, and social leadership, and she served as its Vice 
Chairman and Director of Strategy from September 2005 to August 2013. Since 2018, she has served on 
the board of directors of Mattel Inc. and also serves on numerous non -profit boards
▪Mr. Larson, age 66, served as a Vice President of Intel Corporation and Senior Managing Director of Intel 
Capital, Intel’s strategic investment and M&A group, until his retirement in April 2019. He joined Intel in 
1996, was appointed Vice President in 2006, and served as a Managing Director of Intel Capital from 2004 
to 2018. Mr. Larson is currently a consultant for AT&T, a director of Northwest Pipe Company, a 
manufacturing company, and a Venture Partner of QBIT, an early -stage venture capital fund focused on 
emerging opportunities in Switzerland
▪Mr. Ibbetson, age 54, has served on ASTS’ Board of Directors since April 2021. Mr. Ibbetson has worked 
with Vodafone since 1996 and has led the Vodafone Group Research and Development Organization 
since 2013, which is responsible for all aspects of future research, including trials of emerging 
technologies. Mr. Ibbetson serves on the board of several industry groups and initiatives, including the 5G 
Automotive Alliance, and serves as Chairman of the Next Generation Mobile Networks Alliance Board 
Strategy committee
43BOARD OF DIRECTORS

--- Page 44 ---
EDWARD KNAPP
HIROSHI MIKITANI
RONALD RUBIN
RICHARD SARNOFF▪Mr. Knapp, age 62, has served on ASTS’ Board of Directors since April 2021. Mr. Knapp currently serves as 
the corporate Chief Technology Officer for American Tower Corporation. Prior to joining American Tower 
in 2017, Mr. Knapp served as Senior Vice President of Engineering at Qualcomm, where he was 
responsible for Qualcomm’s New Jersey Corporate Research Center, from which he managed a global 
engineering team of researchers and product engineering staff. He currently serves on the board of 
directors of the Center for Automotive Research
▪Mr. Mikitani, age 58, has served on ASTS’ Board of Directors since April 2021. Mr. Mikitani is the founder, 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Rakuten Group, Inc. Founded in 1997 with the mission to 
contribute to society by creating value through innovation and entrepreneurship, Rakuten Group, Inc. is 
one of the world’s leading internet service companies. Mr. Mikitani also serves as Vice Chairman and co -
Chief Executive Officer of Rakuten Medical, Inc., a global biotechnology company developing precision, 
cell-targeting investigational therapies on its Alluminox
  platform. Mr. Mikitani has previously served as a 
member of the Lyft, Inc. board of directors and currently serves on the boards of directors of a number of 
privately held companies
▪Mr. Rubin, age 57, has served on ASTS’ Board of Directors since April 2021. Mr. Rubin is the Co -Founder 
and Managing Director of Tower Alliance, LLC, a leading provider of outsourced services to wireless 
infrastructure owners. Mr. Rubin served as Chief Financial Officer of Global Tower Partners from 2010 to 
2013
▪Mr. Sarnoff, age 64, has served on ASTS’ Board of Directors since April 2021. Mr. Sarnoff is a Partner at 
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company and leads its media, entertainment and education investing 
activities for its United States private equity group. From 2014 through 2017, Mr. Sarnoff served as 
Managing Director and Head of the Media and Communications industry group of Kohlberg Kravis 
Roberts & Company, leading investments in the Media, Telecom, Digital Media and Education sectors in 
the United States. Mr. Sarnoff currently serves on the board of directors of Chegg, Inc. and of several 
private companies, as well as several not -for-profit organizations
44BOARD OF DIRECTORS

--- Page 45 ---
JOHAN WIBERGH
xxx
RONALD RUBIN
RICHARD SARNOFF▪Mr. Wibergh was appointed to the board on June 3, 2024. Wibergh brings over 35 years of experience in 
the telecommunications sector, including leadership positions at Vodafone and Ericsson. An 
accomplished telecom leader, Wibergh retired after a distinguished career that included his tenure as 
Group Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Vodafone, one of the world’s largest mobile network operators. 
Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President (EVP) & Head of Business Unit Networks for Ericsson, a 
leading provider of information and communications technology (ICT) services. Wibergh will also serve as 
Chairman of AST SpaceMobile’s newly formed Network Planning and Spectrum Committee of its Board of 
Directors. This committee will be responsible for network planning for the AST constellation
▪xxx
▪Mr. Rubin, age 57, has served on ASTS’ Board of Directors since April 2021. Mr. Rubin is the Co -Founder 
and Managing Director of Tower Alliance, LLC, a leading provider of outsourced services to wireless 
infrastructure owners. Mr. Rubin served as Chief Financial Officer of Global Tower Partners from 2010 to 
2013
▪Mr. Sarnoff, age 64, has served on ASTS’ Board of Directors since April 2021. Mr. Sarnoff is a Partner at 
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company and leads its media, entertainment and education investing 
activities for its United States private equity group. From 2014 through 2017, Mr. Sarnoff served as 
Managing Director and Head of the Media and Communications industry group of Kohlberg Kravis 
Roberts & Company, leading investments in the Media, Telecom, Digital Media and Education sectors in 
the United States. Mr. Sarnoff currently serves on the board of directors of Chegg, Inc. and of several 
private companies, as well as several not -for-profit organizations
45BOARD OF DIRECTORS

--- Page 46 ---
EXECUTIVE 
COMPENSATION
ABEL AVELLAN ANDREW JOHNSON SCOTT WISNIEWSKI
▪ Avellan takes $0 in salary and 
received his first equity award in 
December 2025 (250,000 RSUs)▪ Johnson receives at $250,000 
salary and a 150,000 share RSU 
award for 2024 and an additional 
150,000 share RSU award for 
2025
▪ Johnson owned ~60,000 shares at 
October 6, 2025▪ Wisniewski receives a $250,000 
salary  and a 150,000 share RSU 
award for 2024 and an additional 
150,000 share RSU award for 
2025
▪ Wisniewski owned ~500,000 
shares as of October 6, 2025
46

--- Page 47 ---
TEAM BUILDING
47▪ASTS had had a rapidly increasing headcount over the past few years
▪As shown to the right, the majority of the Company’s employees are engineers 
and software developers
▪The Company has main tained a fairly steady pace of hiring as its has scaled its 
manufacturing operations
▪Most of the team is located in the U.S., but the Company has a large presence in 
Israel, Spain, and the UKHEADCOUNT GROWTH

--- Page 48 ---
COMPANY REVIEWS
48
▪Workload and balance: Employees report extremely long hours (70+ hours and 
7-day weeks) with little opportunity for time off, leading to burnout and 
complaints of essentially no work -life balance
▪Compensation and benefits: Salaries are considered low relative to 
responsibilities and are about 26 % below telecom industry averages; the most 
consistent perk mentioned is free lunch, with a standard start -up-style 401(k) and 
unlimited vacation that employees rarely feel able to use
▪Management and ethics: Many reviews criticize management for 
micromanagement, unrealistic production targets, lack of formal performance 
evaluations and a culture of intimidation and favoritism; executives are perceived 
as prioritizing their own compensation over employee well -being
▪Mission and growth: The company’s ambitious goal of creating a space -based 
cellular network attracts talent and offers unique learning opportunities, but the 
chaotic start -up environment and lack of clear career paths mean employees 
often treat the job as a place to gain experience before moving onEMPLOYEE REVIEWS

--- Page 49 ---
BUSINESS MODEL & REVENUE BUILD
ANALYSIS

--- Page 50 ---
50REVENUE MODELROBUST END MARKET OPPORTUNITIES WITH VALUE -BASED PRICING
▪From inception, ASTS has been focused on achieving value -based pricing for its service.  Access to Spacemobile will be a separat ely priced service to end users 
based on usage and bandwidth and included in premium plans.  While access to the service will be frictionless (no new hardwar e, no new apps, etc.), the pricing will 
be tiered
▪ASTS is intended to primarily be a consumer -oriented service, but will start initial monetization via government contracts
▪Ultimately, ASTS will have consumer, government, enterprise, and military customers that provide a large base of revenues
DAY PASSMONTHLY 
(CONSUMER)MONTHLY 
(ENTERPRISE) STANDALONE PLAN SPECIALTY
•Upon leaving the 
terrestrial service area, 
mobile subscribers will 
receive a text asking if 
they would like to turn 
on the Spacemobile 
Service•Subscribers can pay a 
fixed monthly fee to add 
the Spacemobile Service 
as a supplemental 
service to their current 
wireless plan•Enterprise contracts will 
include more data 
options to support 
specific applications•In areas without cellular 
coverage, subscribers 
will use and pay for 
Spacemobile as their 
primary network 
through an MNO 
partner•ASTS will provide service 
for aeronautical and 
maritime customers, as 
well as for military and 
government customers 
(such as FirstNet)

--- Page 51 ---
MONETIZATION
IOT PRICING GOVERNMENT PRICING MILITARY PRICING
▪ Especially as ASTS builds out its 
constellation and does not have 
full availability, the IoT market 
should be an important early 
application of the system.  IoT 
pricing should be low per device, 
but spread across an enormous 
amount of devices ▪ ASTS has been clear that its 
earliest customer applications 
will be government use cases.  
There are a myriad of programs 
that ASTS would serve.  Because 
the government is largely price -
insensitive for mission critical 
services, ASTS would receive 
premium rates for this business▪ Military pricing will include non -
communication uses cases, such 
as applications that utilize the 
large phased array for radar 
applications, GPS back -up, etc., as 
well as regular communication 
applications
51CONSUMER RETAIL 
PRICINGNETWORK REDUNANCY 
PRICINGEMERGENCY SERVICES 
PRICING
▪ Consumer pricing is likely to be 
value -based and tiered based on 
service level and availability
▪ A range of options including 
premium always -available 
services as well as day -passes will 
help drive monetization and 
match demand vs. capacity▪ Former AT&T Head of Network 
Chris Sambar noted that ASTS is 
able to operate with such tight 
tolerances that it can emit in 
existing guard bands and 
represent a fully redundant 
network.  It is possible ASTS 
receives a large capacity payment 
for such capacity▪ ASTS has had a public 
relationship with FirstNet; 
FirstNet’s spectrum was included 
in the final FCC rules
▪ ASTS is expected to be an 
important FirstNet partner and 
should get paid a for its capacity 
during emergencies as well as 
general usage plans

--- Page 52 ---
BUSINESS MODEL - 
CONSUMER
B2B INFRASTRUCTURE SUPER WHOLESALE FLEXIBLE PLANS
▪ ASTS seeks to provide its 
broadband satellite constellation 
to network operators around the 
world
▪ ASTS will not seek to target 
individual users through direct 
customer acquisition but instead 
leverage its MNO partners as the 
customer acquisition channel▪ Unlike Iridium, Globalstar, etc.., 
ASTS will not look to sell handsets 
or directly market its services to 
customers.  Instead, ASTS looks 
to win telecom partners.  In turn, 
those telecom partners will be 
responsible for marketing the 
service to their end subscribers▪ ASTS intends to generate revenue 
via profit -sharing agreements.  
Whereby its telecom partners 
leverage their subscribers bases 
for customer acquisition, ASTS 
will enjoy a 50% share of the 
revenue generated from the 
Spacemobile service
52SIGNED AGREEMENTS WITH 50+ LEADING MOBILE NETWORK OPERATORS


--- Page 53 ---
SUPERWHOLESALE BUSINESS MODEL▪ ASTS is pursuing channel 
partnerships with its MNO 
partners whereby a revenue 
share is established, but ultimate 
customer acquisition is the 
responsibility of the MNO
▪ The MNOs have large existing 
user bases to whom there are 
already low -cost means of cross -
selling new services
▪ Importantly, the Spacemobile 
Service is so novel that it 
represents a unique marketing 
message for the MNOs to 
promote
▪ As an example, AT&T launched a 
celebrity -studded advertisement 
promoting Spacemobile in a 
campaign during the 2024 
Master’s Golf Tournament, 
starring Ben Stiller
▪ ASTS paid nothing for the 
production or activation of the ad
▪ In contrast, legacy satellite 
providers failed, in part, due to 
the need to spend on user 
acquisition
▪ ASTS is not burdened by user 
acquisition costs, which leaves it 
with a highly scalable and 
efficient go -to-market strategy
53


--- Page 54 ---
PRICING
▪ Initial pricing from MNOs show 
that Spacemobile will be offered 
in premium plans but then 
available as a $10 -15/month add 
on for customers
54
▪ASTS is being offered as a premium service that will be bundled with premium plans (embedded pricing) as 
well as stand alone pricing
▪With headline prices of $10 -15 per month (assumed to be less than 1GB of capacity), the expectation is that 
ASTS will realize $5 -$7.5 per GB, at least.  Such levels far exceed modeled financial forecasts

--- Page 55 ---
LARGE 
CUSTOMER 
POOL
▪ With its “Super Wholesale 
Model,” ASTS has entered 
partnerships with MNOs around 
the world, which establish the 
base of subscribers to whom the 
Spacemobile service will be made 
available
▪ By contrast, the same metrics for 
competitors is shown to highlight 
just how large ASTS’s Serviceable 
Addressable Market is relative to 
those of peers55


--- Page 56 ---
GLOBAL REACH
▪ ASTS has already laid the 
groundwork for a large 
commercial moat via high 
commercial utilization of its 
constellation.  As ASTS contracts 
large swaths of available markets, 
the ability for a competing 
constellation to be economically 
viable declines
56


--- Page 57 ---
BOTTOMS  UP DATA 
ESTIMATESCAPACITY PAYMENTS OVER -SUBSCRIPTION 
▪ The baseline valuation utilizes a 
Throughput -Yield Model. By 
isolating total salable network 
capacity and applying a fixed 
Yield -per-GB ($), a conservative 
revenue floor is established
▪ This metric excludes potential 
upside from dynamic value -based 
pricing tiers▪ Customers will pay an effective 
capacity payment to ASTS for 
service (on top of direct usage 
charge)
▪ Revenue from government and 
military clients will be driven by 
Take -or-Pay Contracts and 
Availability Fees▪ Because user concurrency is 
usually low, ASTS will be able to 
dramatically oversell its capacity.  
▪ As a result, multiple customers 
paying a certain $/month ARPU 
will cause a dramatic revenue 
multiplier effect when compared 
to the theoretical bottom’s up 
data -based approach
57ECONOMIC 
MODEL
▪ Determining ASTS’ future 
earnings power is incredibly 
complex but can be simplified to 
construct downside estimates
▪ There are several factors that will 
ultimately drive revenues, which 
will work in concert to drive 
overall results

--- Page 58 ---
UNIT 
ECONOMICS – 
BLOCK 2
▪ Block 2 Bluebirds based on ASTS’ 
next generation design with high 
throughput ASIC chips should 
enjoy extremely attractive unit 
economics
▪ The key assumptions are the 
wholesale price per GB and the 
utilization of data throughput
▪ The model uses an assumption of 
3 bits per hertz even though high 
levels have been demonstrated 
58▪In the U.S., according to 
Cable.co.uk, the average price per 
GB is $6 (retail), with the most 
expensive price at $83/GB
▪Globally, the average price is $2.59 
(at retail).  Considering ASTS’ ability 
to provide data where it would 
otherwise be most expense, a $2/GB 
price could prove to be very 
conservative
▪ASTS will be a premium product and 
receive premium pricing
APPLE & GLOBARSTAR PRICING PRECEDENT
▪ Apple agreed to pay Globalstar ~$70 -80MM/yr in fixed fees plus $450MM in CAPEX reimbursement to enable Emergency 
SOS via satellite on the iPhone 14
▪ The deal highlights the value of “coverage” instead of a strict assessment of data capacity


--- Page 59 ---
SPECTRAL 
EFFICIENCY
▪ ASTS has released results that 
indicate higher spectral efficiency 
rates than originally expected.  
The impact on economics of this 
change is shown to the side, with 
4 Bits/second/Hz likely 
achievable in the most favorable 
conditions.  
▪ ASTS is expected to achieve 2 
bits/Hz indoors, whereas Starlink 
will achieve just 1 bit/Hz indoors 
(and 2 bits/Hz outdoors)592.5 BITS PER HERTZ 4.0 BITS PER HERTZ

--- Page 60 ---
USER -BASED 
ESTIMATE
▪ Because ASTS sells connectivity, 
not necessarily data, the more 
accurate way to measure 
revenue potential is across its 
covered users, with multipliers 
for business devices, IoT, 
government, etc.
▪ In the future, connected devices 
will likely be served by the 
Company, expanding the 
opportunity.  All numbers are 
gross ARPU60▪ASTS President Scott Wisniewski has repeatedly stated that the Company was built for revenue scale in the 
tens of billions of dollars
▪That scale is centered around broadband capable services that work with existing devices and leverages the 
existing user bases of the MNOs
▪Underpinning the estimates is the notion that ASTS can meet whatever demand exists by scaling the 
constellation.  Based on the accretive unit economics, investors know that a larger constellation creates NPV.  
Importantly, the unit economics do not take into account ASTS’ owned L -band spectrum, which will have 
premium economics
▪As such, ASTS is poised to profitably  serve an extremely large demand base by adding satellites and various 
shells to its constellation.  Ultimately end -user demand drives the revenue opportunity, limited only 
temporarily by ASTS’ ability to scale its constellation 
▪Various demand estimates by MNOs suggest the above 25% attach rate could be conservative.  Figures above 
also represent gross ARPU.  ASTS should receive premium economics where users are served on owned 
spectrum (greater than a 50/50 revenue share)


--- Page 61 ---
P&L
▪ ASTS will have 80 -90% EBITDA 
margins due to its net revenue 
accounting
▪ Revenue shares with MNOs will 
not appear on the ASTS income 
statement, but instead only the 
net revenue ASTS receives.  Since 
ASTS has minimum customer 
acquisition costs (“CAC”) in a 
classic sense, it’s economic CAC is 
in the revenue share
61▪ASTS will report its revenue net of profit share on its financials.  As a result, the reported EBITDA margins will appear ver y 
high.  It is important to note that the revenue share represents ASTS’ CAC, or the cost to access and acquire customers
▪While investors might be skeptical if ASTS’ claims around future margins, an adjustment that looks at ASTS’ profitability on 
gross revenue creates a more normalized economic picture that takes into account channel partner costs
▪The above estimates likely under -estimate costs but are shown to make the indicative point around accounting and 
resultant margins
▪EBIT margins, while not discussed by the Company, are the most relevant forward estimate due to true economic 
depreciation from deorbiting satellites and resultant constellation replacement


--- Page 62 ---
POTENTIAL 
VALUE 
CREATION
▪ Given the outlook for future 
growth from 2027+, it is assumed 
that ASTS will trade at a very high 
EBITDA multiple. 
▪  Given the likelihood of materially 
higher revenues, the above 
calculation likely represents a low 
floor valuation that will be easily 
exceeded as the Company 
demonstrates its strong 
commercial moats
62
2026 Run Rate 2026 Exit Rate Valuation
Total Revenue $1,037,732 Enterprise Value $29,452,940
OPEX ($301,408) Net Debt (assumed cash spent, FD converts) $49,400
EBITDA $736,324 Shares Outstanding - FD 402,007
Price Per Share $73.14
EV / EBITDA 40.0x                              
2027 Run Rate 2027 Exit Rate Valuation
Total Revenue $4,443,620 Enterprise Value $103,555,288
OPEX ($301,408) Net Debt (assumed cash spent) $49,400
EBITDA $4,142,212 Shares Outstanding - FD 402,007
Price Per Share $257.47
EV / EBITDA 25.0x                              

--- Page 63 ---
FINANCING STRATEGY
ANALYSIS

--- Page 64 ---
FINANCING 
STRATEGY
▪ Until early 2024, the second most 
important risk to an ASTS 
investment outside of “will it 
work” was how the Company 
would finance its constellation
▪ Without definitive MNO 
contracts, regulatory approval, 
and burdened under the shadow 
of Starlink, ASTS had difficulty 
raising public money when 
interest rates rose
64▪ASTS is capital -intensive, having to finance large ongoing OPEX, R&D, and the build -out cost of its constellation. ASTS has prov en 
adept at seizing capital market opportunities (e.g., the SPAC boom of 2021) but encountered difficulty when plagued by delays  
and cost overruns against a backdrop of rising interest rates. Left with a large unfunded CAPEX balance, ASTS was at the merc y 
of the capital markets and had to raise equity at successively lower prices. Three public secondaries placed at extreme disco unts 
shattered confidence in the company but served to bridge the company to a point where its technology was at an advanced 
stage of development, supported by a favorable regulatory regime and prospects of near -term commercialization
▪In January 2024, investors began to see the first signs that a partner -led financing strategy was taking hold, which would provi de 
much -needed visibility on how ASTS could finance its constellation while minimizing dilution. The $155MM deal led by Google, 
AT&T, and Vodafone was followed shortly thereafter by a $100MM strategic deal with Verizon
▪In 2025, ASTS received access to cheap capital via convertible bond issuances and ATMs, marking a dramatic reversal of fortun e 
from earlier years


--- Page 65 ---
CURRENT CAPITAL STRUCTURE
CAPITAL 
EQUIPMENT 
FINANCINGS
4.25% 2032 
CONVERTIBLE 
NOTES
2.375% 2032 
CONVERTIBLE 
NOTES
2.00% 2034 
CONVERTIBLE 
NOTES▪On August 14, 2023, ASTS entered into a loan agreement with Lone Star State Bank of West Texas as lender, 
providing for $15.0 million principal term loan commitment secured by certain real property fixtures and 
equipment, of which the entire term loan amount was borrowed on September 19, 2023. 
▪On June 27, 2025, AST LLC and certain other subsidiaries of the Company (together with AST LLC, the “AST 
Companies”) entered into a Master Equipment Financing Agreement (the “MEFA”) with Trinity Capital, Inc. 
(“Trinity”), as agent (the “Agent”) and lender, and the other lenders party (the “Lenders”), providing for a 
conditional commitment to provide financing up to $100.0 million (“Trinity Capital Equipment Loan”).
▪On January 27, 2025, ASTS issued $460.0 million of convertible senior notes due 2032.  The initial 
conversion rate is 37.0535 shares, which represents an initial conversion price of $26.99
▪On July 3, 2025 and July 31, 2025, ASTS completed the repurchase of $225.0 million and $135.0 million, 
respectively, of the 2032 4.25% Convertible Notes with the net proceeds from a registered direct offering 
of 9,450,268 and 5,775,635 shares of Class A Stock.  On October 29, 2025, the Company completed an 
additional repurchase of $50.0 million of the 2032 Convertible Notes from a registered direct offering of 
2,048,849 shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock, leaving $50MM outstanding
▪On July 29, 2025, ASTS issued $575.0 million of 2032 2.375% Convertible Notes. The initial conversion rate 
for the 2032 2.375% Convertible Notes is 13.8750 shares per $1,000 principal amount, which represents an 
initial conversion price of approximately $72.07 per share. 
▪On October 24, 2025, ASTS issued $1,150.0 million principal amount of 2036 2.00% Convertible Notes. The 
initial conversion rate for the 2036 2.00% Convertible Notes is 10.3845 shares per $1,000 principal amount, 
which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $96.30 per share
65

--- Page 66 ---
CAPITAL STRUCTURE▪ ASTS has a cash -heavy balance 
sheet with a significant amount 
of covenant -free Holdco 
unsecured convertible debt
66


--- Page 67 ---
STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS AND MNO PREFUNDING
ESTABLISHED 
FINANCING MODEL
•In the first half of 2024, 
ASTS was able to 
demonstrate to the 
market a viable 
financing strategy to get 
its initial constellation 
financed
•With 4 strategic 
partnerships announced 
to date, ASTS has shown 
how a mix of direct 
investment and 
prepayments can allow 
it to efficiently fund its 
constellation
•The next obvious 
partnerships are 
Rakuten, FirstNet, and 
European and Middle 
Eastern MNOs 
67▪As ASTS nears commercial service, it is expected that the deals continue to improve.  Verizon, included $65MM of prepayments vs. 
the $20MM paid by AT&T.  The October 2025 contract with stc (Saudi Telecom) included a $175MM prepayment and a very large 
amount of minimum committed revenue (potentially ~$1bn)
▪A large upside uncertainty relates to a potential deal with FirstNet.  ASTS has been repeatedly referenced by FirstNet and th e FCC 
specifically tailored the recently approved SCS rules to include FirstNet’s spectrum based on comments from other companies a bout 
their intent to work together.  FirstNet has a large budget and is the ideal user of the Spacemobile System$0$20,000$40,000$60,000$80,000$100,000$120,000$140,000$160,000$180,000$200,000
Google Vodafone AT&T Verizon stcStrategic Financing Partnerships
Convertible Note Prepayments

--- Page 68 ---
JANUARY 2024 
STRATEGIC 
FINANCING 
ANALYSIS
MULTI -SECURITY 
FINANCINGSTRATEGIC COMMERCIAL 
PARTNERSHIPSPRO -FORMA CAPITAL 
STRUCTURE
▪ ASTS raised a 5.5% subordinate 
10-year PIK convertible with a 
conversion price of $5.75, 
$100MM of common equity 
priced at $3.10 per share, and 
$43.8MM (net) of secured debt.  
▪ Equity was effectively raised at a 
blended price of $4.10, however 
the need to come to market with 
secondary common equity was a 
large negative surprise▪ The deal was led by Google, 
AT&T, and Vodafone. AT&T took 
a board seat and pre -paid 
$20MM of revenue upon launch 
of Block 1.  Vodafone also 
participated and made an LOI for 
a $25MM revenue prepayment
▪ The deal confirmed commercial 
viability of the service and 
cemented relationships with 
marque customers▪ The convertible note has a 130% 
soft call; ASTS retains a path to a 
future capital structure that is 
simple provided it can ultimate 
refinance out or repay its 
$100MM of secured debt
▪ The deal represented 20% 
dilution, which is in -line for what 
amounts to a growth financing 
round
68


--- Page 69 ---
GOOGLE 
STRATEGIC 
PARTNERSHIP
▪ On October 18, 2024, ASTS had 
entered into a letter agreement 
with Google to provide services 
to each other and have agreed to 
collaborate on product 
development, testing, and 
implementation plans for 
connectivity on Android devices
▪ The 3 -year contract will start 
after continuous coverage starts 
and have auto -renewal provisions
69


--- Page 70 ---
AT&T STRATEGIC 
INVESTMENT 
AND 
COMMERCIAL 
AGREEMENT
▪ On January 16, 2024, ASTS 
entered into a letter agreement 
with AT&T where AT&T will make 
a non -refundable $20MM 
commercial payment for prepaid 
service revenue.  The payment is 
due after the launch and initial 
operations of Block 1
▪ A definitive agreement was 
signed on May 15, 2024
▪ AT&T also took a board seat
70DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT STRATEGIC INVESTMENT
▪ AT&T signed an agreement through 2030.  The 
agreement establishes the revenue -share 
model that allows ASTS to capture value -based 
pricing for its service▪ AT&T invested alongside Google and Vodafone 
in a deal announced January 18, 2024
▪ AT&T invested in a $110MM 10 -year 
convertible note and agreed to prepay $20MM 
against future services provided by Block 1
▪ AT&T also gained the right to appoint 1 board 
member to the ASTS board


--- Page 71 ---
VODAFONE 
STRATEGIC 
INVESTMENT & 
MOU
▪ On January 16, 2024, ASTS 
announced it had entered into a 
letter agreement with Vodafone 
for an initial revenue 
commitment of $25MM to be 
paid over a 2.5 year period
▪ On December 9, 2024 a 10 -year 
definitive agreement was 
announced
▪ The time -phased structuring of 
the deal should allow ASTS to 
raise EXIM financing 71MOU & DEFINITIVE 
AGREEMENTSTRATEGIC INVESTMENT
▪ Vodafone agreed to a minimum $25MM 
revenue commitment, subject to a definitive 
agreement 
▪ The definitive agreement covers a 10 -year 
period and includes Vodafone’s 20 home 
markets as well as its 40 Partner Program 
markets▪ Vodafone invested alongside Google and AT&T 
in a deal announced January 18, 2024
▪ Vodafone invested in a $110MM 10 -year 
convertible note and agreed to prepay $25MM 
against future services provided by Block 1


--- Page 72 ---
VODAFONE & 
ASTS EUROPEAN 
SATCO
▪ On March 3, 2025, Vodafone and 
ASTS created a jointly -owned 
European satellite service 
business (“SatCo”) to serve MNOs 
in Europe
▪ SatCo will provide 100% coverage 
across Europe, across all partner 
MNOs
▪ Through September 2025, SatCo 
has signed up 21 additional 
MNOs
72EUROPEAN SATCO OPPORTUNITY ENABLER
▪ SatCo will provide a turnkey service that 
combines Vodafone’s network and ASTS’s 
satellites.  Vodafone will build out a set of 
ground stations to link ASTS to mobile 
networks across Europe
▪ ASTS will not make a capital contribution to 
the JV (e.g. the ground infrastructure), yet 
retains a 50/50 earnings split▪ ASTS’s unique architecture is such that all data 
remains in the relevant country, which satisfies 
key privacy and security issues with a product 
that provides “European sovereignty”
▪ The move is perfectly timed to a trend where 
European governments are looking to secure 
independent space -based capabilities and 
regulatory scrutiny over foreign satellite 
operators


--- Page 73 ---
VERIZON 
STRATEGIC 
INVESTMENT 
AND DA
▪ On May 29, 2024, ASTS 
announced a $100MM Strategic 
Partnership with Verizon
▪ The partnership sees Verizon 
create a JV on its premium 
850Mhz spectrum with AT&T to 
create a nationwide swath of 
spectrum, in -line with the FCC’s 
requests as part of the SCS Rule 
making
73MOU AND DA STRATEGIC INVESTMENT
▪ Verizon agreed to contribute its valuable 
850Mhz spectrum alongside AT&T to create a 
continuous nationwide footprint for SCS 
service
▪ Verizon agreed to a $65MM prepayment for 
services
▪ Verizon announced a Definitive Agreement on 
October 8, 2025▪ Verizon invested $35MM in the same 
convertible note led by AT&T, Google, and 
Vodafone
▪ Verizon also agreed to $65MM of commercial 
prepayments, $20MM of which is paid upon 
signing and $45MM of which are subject to 
certain milestones (FCC approval)


--- Page 74 ---
SAUDI TELECOM
OCTOBER 2025
▪ On October 29th, ASTS announced 
a 10 -year commercial agreement 
with stc group to enable 
connectivity in Saudi Arabia and 
other MENA region markets
▪ The deal included a $175MM 
prepayment and significant multi -
year committed revenue
▪ ASTS will build 3 gateways in 
Saudi Arabia and establish a 
Network Operations Center
74
▪Through Saudi Telecom, ASTS will access 60 MHz of 2 GHz spectrum.  In December 2022, Saudi 
Arabia’s regulatory, CST, auctioned 60 MHz of 2 GHz spectrum to be used for Non -Terrestrial 
Networks over 15 years through 2038
▪AST SpaceMobile's partner, Saudi Telecom, won ALL 60MHz of this spectrum which includes 2x 
30MHz channels - Uplink: 1980 -2010MHz, Downlink: 2170 -2200MHz  
▪On its Q3 2025 earnings call, ASTS disclosed that it had $1bn minimum contracted revenue; while 
the break out was not disclosed, it is largely believed that a large portion of the minimum 
contracted revenue stems from the stc contract 

--- Page 75 ---
JANUARY 2025 
CONVERTIBLE BOND
FIRST TIME ISSUER 
CONVERTIBLEINVESTOR FRIENDLY 
TERMSLOWER COST 
INSTITUTIONAL CAPITAL
▪ On January 23, 2025, ASTS priced 
its $400MM 2032 convertible 
notes.  The bonds were struck up 
20% from the $22.49 closing 
price with a $26.99 conversion 
price and had a 4.25% coupon
▪ Net proceeds were $446.3MM 
due to the over -allotment option▪ The low 20% conversion price, 
non-call 4 protection, and high 
cash pro -forma balance sheet 
with no priming debt is an 
attractive instrument for 
investors.  The bonds traded up 5 
points on the break
▪ 130% soft call after 4 -years▪ ASTS engaged in a capped call 
transaction to minimize dilution
▪ ASTS moved the effective strike 
price of the notes to $44.98 
through the capped call 
transaction, which cost $38.7MM
75


--- Page 76 ---
JANUARY 2025 CONVERTIBLE REFINANCE▪ On June 25, 2025 ASTS 
announced the repurchase of 
$225MM of its 4.25% convertible 
notes due 2032.  On June 25th the 
bonds quoted at 208.612.  
▪ The Company issued 9,450,268 
shares to the convertible note 
holders at a price of $53.22 per 
share, with 1.04MM incremental 
shares to the underlying shares of 
the 2032 notes
▪ After giving effect to the 
transaction, $235MM of notes 
were outstanding.  Subsequent 
repurchases have left just 
$50MM outstanding by October 
2025
76


--- Page 77 ---
JULY 2025 
CONVERTIBLE BOND
SEASONED BOND ISSUERINVESTOR FRIENDLY 
TERMSLOWER COST 
INSTITUTIONAL CAPITAL
▪ On July 25, 2025, ASTS priced its 
$500MM October 15, 2032 
convertible notes.  The bonds 
were struck up 20% from the 
$60.06 closing price with a 
$72..07 conversion price and 
have a 2.375% coupon
▪ Net proceeds were $560MM 
after giving effect to the over -
allotment option▪ The low 20% conversion price, 
non-call 4 protection, and high 
cash pro -forma balance sheet 
with no priming debt is an 
attractive instrument for 
investors.  The bonds traded up 5 
points on the break
▪ 130% soft call after 4 -years▪ ASTS engaged in a capped call 
transaction to minimize dilution
▪ ASTS moved the effective strike 
price of the notes to $120 
through the capped call 
transaction, which cost $47MM
77


--- Page 78 ---
OCTOBER 2025 
CONVERTIBLE BOND
PRICING FULLY FINANCED
▪ On October 21, 2025 ASTS 
announced its 2% $1bn 
convertible bonds due 2036, 
which have a conversion price of 
$96.30 per share, representing a 
22.5% conversion premium
▪ Net proceeds were $1,129.2MM 
after giving effect to the over -
allotment option▪ The large offering allowed ASTS 
to accelerate its constellation by 
fully -financing 100 Blue Bird 
satellites, which gives full global 
coverage 
78


--- Page 79 ---
CAPEX PHASES
CONTINUOUS COVERAGE FULL CONSTELLATION
▪ ASTS expects to achieve 
continuous coverage in its high 
value markets with 45 -60 
satellites.  This initial 
constellation will result in 
significant cash flow and the 
advent of a commercial service▪ Global continuous coverage is 
possible with 100 satellites.  After 
giving effect to recent financings, 
ASTS has fully funded itself to 
build its global constellation ▪ ASTS has filed an application for 
243 satellites (260 when 
including in -orbit spares)
▪ The full constellation will enable 
significantly higher data 
throughput with Multi -In Multi -
Out (“MIMO”) capabilities
79100 SATELLITES
▪Note:  CAPEX is tied against cost incurred, not launches


--- Page 80 ---
SOURCES & USES
STRATEGIC FINANCING EQUITY, DEBT & GRANTS OPERATING CASH FLOW
▪ ASTS has already started to 
execute on strategic financings, 
initially led by AT&T, Google, and 
Vodafone and then joined by 
Verizon
▪ Going forward, MNOs and 
partners are expected to 
continue funding via convertible 
notes and prepayments▪ ASTS has been able to raise a 
significant amount of cash via the 
warrant redemption and its ATM
▪ ASTS should be able to secure 
significant project finance 
facilities, export financings, and 
receive government grants (e.g. 
the 5G fund)
▪ Once operating, ASTS will have 
access to bank debt (e.g. EXIM 
financing)▪ Block 2 will mark the start of 
commercial operations, with 
associated revenues moving to 
offset ongoing OPEX
▪ There is a wide range of 
outcomes for Block 2 pricing 
given the scarcity of the asset and 
government use cases
80


--- Page 81 ---
SOURCES & 
USES
▪ The outlook does not factor 
developments around additional 
partner investment, 
prepayments, or government 
financing
81


--- Page 82 ---
TECHNOLOGY 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 83 ---
BIGGER IS 
BETTER
▪ ASTS’ satellites are the largest 
commercial satellites ever 
launched, allowing the Company 
to offer an unparalleled service
▪ A key feature of the technology 
architecture is keeping the RAN 
component of cellular 
communications on the ground, 
which no one else has done.  As 
such, ASTS has kept the satellite 
as “bent pipe” or “dumb,” which 
has significant customer benefits83


--- Page 84 ---
ASTS PROBLEM 
STATEMENT
▪ Present satellite antennas are 
monolithic.  The antenna 
aperture is structurally one and 
limited in size to a few square 
meters
▪ The main issues with deployment 
of large antenna structures in 
space are cost and the extreme 
stresses experienced in space on 
any pre -fabricated structure
84▪Spacecraft component weight and cost are related to the required payload 
power of a particular satellite mission and mostly driven by end user 
terminals required to target a Signal to Noise ratio, the number of 
simultaneous users and channel bandwidth requirements
▪As the payload power requirements increase, th e RF components, batteries, 
solar panels, and other power handling requirements on the satellite also 
increase in weight and costPOWER EQUALS WEIGHT
▪As end user devices and terminals (such as handheld devices like modern 
smartphones, IoT terminals, etc.) become smaller, their transmitting power 
require larger apertures in space in order to enable direct connectivity from 
and to those end user devices and terminals
▪Traditionally, satellite communications companies had used custom terminals, 
usually distinguished by their very large foldable antennas.  These devices 
were fit for purpose and were not interoperable with terrestrial systems and 
came at a high cost to the userSMALL DEVICES REQUIRE 
MORE POWERFUL SIGNALS
▪ASTS invented a distributed aperture system that reduces pre -fabricated 
structures by using an array that acts as a large aperture but is only partially 
connected or structurally unconnected when acting as a constellation 
▪The advantages to ASTS’ approach is to eliminate interstitial mass of 
connecting various elements, which reduces weight
▪Secondly, very large apertures can be realized in space and thus allows high 
antenna efficiencies at low frequenciesASTS TECHNICAL SOLUTION

--- Page 85 ---
ASTS SYSTEM OVERVIEW▪With a large array, the ASTS system is a “loud” system that 
can connect with a regular cell phone
▪Traditional satellite phones “listen hard” whereas 
ASTS simply produces a loud signal to connect to 
regular cell phones from space instead of a terrestrial 
antenna tower
▪The satellite itself is not complex and is a so -called “bent 
pipe” design; most of the design relates to distributing 
power.  The satellite itself is not involved with processing 
or routing; the network equipment, the eNodeB, is on the 
ground and the MNO retains control.  This allows ASTS to 
be forward compatible (6G) and offer MNO’s data 
sovereignty
▪ASTS’ system does not require a special chipset on the 
phone because of its proprietary back -end software 
system that allows for interconnection to existing 
terrestrial spectrum and telecom networks
▪The “magic” of the technology is the back -end software 
that allows the system to utilize terrestrial spectrum, 
seamlessly interconnect over existing networks, and talk 
directly to an LTE system
▪Once the signal is collected from a handset, ASTS sends 
the data back on satellite spectrum to a ground gateway 
system.  The phone -satellite connection is native to the 
carrier’s terrestrial spectrum
85


--- Page 86 ---
UNFURLING
HEAT DIFFUSION
DOPPLER 
COMPENSATION
BEAM FORMING▪A key challenge for D2C satellites is launching a large enough array to support the 
necessary bandwidth
▪While SpaceX has been limited to launching a 5m x 5m array, ASTS perfected the 
process of packing an antenna up to 20m x 20m (since scaled down to 15m x 15x) 
that can fit in the nose of a Falcon 9 rocket and unfurl in space
▪Circling the earth every 90 minutes, ASTS’ satellites are exposed to temperature 
ranges between -65C and +125C each 90 minutes, all that while producing an 
extreme amount of power from its solar panels
▪ASTS had to build a thermal control system and utilize materials that could 
withstand such extremes and dissipate heat
▪As the satellites travel at 17,000 mph, terrestrial hardware had to be paired with 
custom ASTS software to handle Doppler compensation 
▪If uncompensated, Doppler shifts could cause signals to drift outside of their 
assigned bandwidth and interfere with other links
▪Beam forming from satellites presents challenges due to the distances involved and 
satellites' high speeds relative to the rotating Earth below
▪Managing interference also proves challenging, as adjacent beams from a single 
satellite or neighboring satellites in the constellation must be narrowly contained to 
avoid overlapping
86KEY ENGINEERING CHALLENGES


--- Page 87 ---
UNFURLING
87UNFURLING OF ARRAY
HEAT DIFFUSIONDOPPLER 
COMPENSATIONBEAM FORMING▪ Critical to the entire design was the 
development of flexible printed circuit 
technology within a deployable reflector 
framework that could unfold reliably after 
launch and remain rigid for communications 
▪ To allow for cost -effective deployment, the 
large array must stow in a tightly -folded 
configuration for launch but then unfurl once 
in orbit
▪ ASTS innovated by using a proprietary 
rigidized design using specialized composite 
booms that incorporated ultra -thin circuitry 
and active electronic components directly 
into the flexible reflector substrate prior to 
deployment, thereby eliminating bulky cable 
assemblies 
▪ The array also self -deploys using stored 
energy, without mechanical mechanisms
STOWED FOR LAUNCH FOLDED IN FARING
UNFURLING SCHEMATIC
DEPLOYED ARRAY

--- Page 88 ---
88HEAT DISSIPATION
▪ Managing the heat dissipation needs of the high -powered arrays within the 
size/power constraints of a relatively small satellite chassis was essential.  
ASTS’s solution is protected under Patent # 11,685,555
▪ The innovation combines various layers to create the integrated system.  
The RF (Radio Frequency) layer consists of a body made of a lightweight, 
conductive material (such as aluminum), which acts as an antenna ground.  
The RF layer also functions as a thermal reflector, dispersing heat across the 
antenna assembly.  ASTS uses INVAR, a nickel -iron allow known for having 
an exceptionally low coefficient of thermal expansion
▪ The solar layer attaches to the RF layer and comprises solar cells mounted 
on an outward -facing surface. Producing over 100kW or more, the satellites 
produce an extreme amount of power (typically satellites generate a few kW 
of power). The design includes a battery as a secondary or backup power 
supply
▪ A middle layer positioned between the RF and solar layers provides 
structural strength and houses the electronic components necessary for the 
operation of the antennas. This layer is designed to be lightweight yet rigid 
enough to prevent bending or flexing that could impair the antenna's 
functionality
▪ Heat is generated and dissipated locally at each antenna assembly. When 
these assemblies are connected to form an antenna array, the system 
efficiently manages the heat generated by each unit.  This innovative design 
addresses the challenges of power generation, structural integrity, and 
thermal management in space structures. The modular and scalable nature 
of the antenna assemblies allows for the generation of significant amounts 
of power, which can be used locally at each antenna assemblyUNFURLING HEAT DIFFUSIONDOPPLER 
COMPENSATIONBEAM FORMING


--- Page 89 ---
89DOPPLER COMPENSATION
▪ BW-3 was designed to utilize terrestrial telecom networks while generating 
signals from a satellite moving at 17,000 mph.  A key technical challenge 
was designing software to overcome issues with signal propagation delay 
and Doppler shift effects over a satellite -to-mobile link due to the non -
geostationary orbit
▪ Doppler shift introduces frequency errors in LTE signals relayed by satellites, 
impacting communication quality.  Traditional methods can be complex and 
computationally expensive
▪ ASTS’ invention proposes a simplified system for compensating frequency 
errors using the existing capabilities of an on -board modem in an LTE 
communication unit (like a satellite terminal).  The modem demodulates the 
received signal and extracts the carrier frequency offset, which indicates the 
amount of Doppler shift. Based on the detected offset, the system 
modulates a reference signal with a corresponding frequency shift. The 
modulated reference signal is combined with the received signal, effectively 
correcting the frequency errors caused by Doppler shift
▪ ASTS’ invention utilizes existing capabilities within the modem, potentially 
reducing hardware complexity and power consumption and provides real -
time compensation with automatic and continuous correction for changing 
Doppler shifts.  ASTS designed specifically for the widely used LTE standard, 
ensuring compatibility with existing infrastructureUNFURLING HEAT DIFFUSIONDOPPLER 
COMPENSATIONBEAM FORMING


--- Page 90 ---
90BEAM FORMING
▪ ASTS had to develop an electronically -steered phased array antenna that could 
generate extremely narrow beams for user spot beams while also tracking 
mobile devices in real -time so as to avoid interference.  Each cell will be 48 km in 
low band and 24 km in mid band
▪ ASTS utilizes large phased array antennas on each satellite to form multiple 
precise spot beams directed at different regions on Earth. This allows each 
satellite to effectively communicate with multiple distinct areas simultaneously  
▪ Traditional antennas would not provide sufficient gain to close the 
communication link from low -Earth orbit to ordinary smartphones. AST 
developed arrays with over 20,000 individual antenna elements on each satellite, 
arranged in a proprietary design.  The elements are digitally controlled through 
software defined radio technology and advanced beam forming algorithms. This 
allows the satellite to continuously and rapidly adjust the phase and amplitude of 
signals from each antenna with nanosecond precision.  By coherently combining 
signals across the massive array through beam forming techniques, the effective 
gain of the overall antenna is multiplied dramatically compared to single dishes. 
This provides the power needed to close links from space
▪ Each beam can be steered electronically in real -time by adjusting the signal 
parameters for different antenna components within the array. This enables the 
satellite to track mobile user devices as they move below.  The array architecture 
also allows for frequency reuse across spot beams through techniques like 
polarization multiplexing. This multiplies total throughput available from the 
satellite payload
▪ Through continual refinement of their algorithms using machine learning 
techniques, ASTS is optimizing coverage and improving link margins for resilient 
connectivity even at the edges of spot beamsUNFURLING HEAT DIFFUSIONDOPPLER 
COMPENSATIONBEAM FORMING


--- Page 91 ---
91BEAM FORMING
UNFURLING HEAT DIFFUSIONDOPPLER 
COMPENSATIONBEAM FORMING▪ A key attribute of ASTS’ technology is its 
powerful beam forming approach.  ASTS is able 
to produce a powerful beam that does not have 
meaningful side lobes
▪ The impact is that the energy is directed in the 
intended frequencies with little spill -over to 
adjacent bands
▪ A comparison to Starlink’s beams is provided to 
highlight the difference in energy leakage 
between the two systems
▪ The practical result is that ASTS can deliver a 
powerful beam capable of supporting high 
quality data transmissions without interfering 
with the frequencies of adjacent operators
▪ By contrast, if the beams were not as directed, 
the overall system would have to use a lower 
power level to minimize adjacent channel 
leakage, which then reduces the quality of the 
radio frequency link 
STARLINK BEAM PATTENS
▪ASTS has a beam with 5 -10 dB greater 
gain, which leads to better signal quality
▪ASTS has side lobes that are >20 dB less, 
which leads to less interference
▪ASTS has a narrower main beam, which 
leads to less interference
▪The Y -axis is on a log scale, which 
indicates that Starlink’s interference is 
10x that of ASTSASTS BEAM PATTE RNS


--- Page 92 ---
ASTS VS. SPACEX: APPLES & ORANGES
92
SERVICE CAPABILITIES
CONSTELLATION 
EFFICIENCY
NETWORK ARCHITECTURE
SIGNAL STABILITYTrue Broadband. Designed for voice, video, 
data, and internet from day one due to large 
aperture and high power
Efficient. Needs only ~50 satellites to achieve 
continuous coverage over the US (CONUS)
Ground -Based Processing. Highly upgradable 
(e.g., to 6G) and respects data sovereignty 
(nations keep control of their data)
Stable. Uses beam forming to create "fixed 
cells." Users stay connected to one satellite 
for 5 -10 minutesText Only. May eventually support voice, but 
significant challenges with scalable 
broadband and VoLTE might not be possible
Capital Intensive. Needs 5,000+ satellites to 
achieve the same continuous coverage level
"eNodeB" on Satellite. Processing happens in 
space. Difficult to upgrade hardware and 
creates data sovereignty conflicts for 
international nations
Volatile. No beam forming; coverage moves 
rapidly. Phones are forced to swap satellites 
every 5 -10 seconds


--- Page 93 ---
INDOOR 
COVERAGE
▪ As disclosed by ASTS’ partners, 
the system will provide a robust 
service, that includes connections 
“one wall in” 
93


--- Page 94 ---
A TECHNICAL 
ACHIEVEMENT 
THOUGHT 
IMPOSSIBLE 
(1/2)
▪ FCC filings lay bear the industry 
bewilderment, even by telecoms 
traditionally thought to be the 
most technically component, at 
ASTS’ proposition
▪ The filing presented to the right is 
Verizon’s petition to the FCC 
calling into question how it could 
be possible for ASTS’ system to 
work; Verizon outlined the key 
challenges such a system would 
face94
VERIZON’S ANALYSIS OF TECHNICAL CHALLENGES ASTS MUST OVERCOME

--- Page 95 ---
A TECHNICAL 
ACHIEVEMENT 
THOUGHT 
IMPOSSIBLE 
(2/2)
▪ Short sellers also were quick to 
attack the project, deeming it to 
be a literal ‘pie in the sky’ with 
little prospect for success
▪ Many of the engineering feats 
accomplished by ASTS were laid 
out as key risk points by short 
sellers
95KERRISDALE CAPITAL SHORT REPORT SEPTEMBER 2022
▪TOO BIG:  Kerrisdale noted concerns about the engineering challenges 
related to the extremely large phased array of the Bluewalker -3.  
Kerrisdale claims that experts with “specific expertise in the structural 
dynamics of large spacecraft” noted that ASTS’ spacecraft did not 
have the rigidity nor active controls needed to avoid uncontrolled 
oscillations and as a result, the satellite would likely “shake itself apart”
▪ACTUAL RESULT:  Bluewalker -3 has flown successfully for over 1 year and 
has completed the world’s first broadband D2C calls without breaking 
apart in space
▪THERMAL MANAGEMENT :  Kerrisdale claimed the BW -3 satellite, given its 
size and large power generation capacity, would create too much heat 
from its power system and would either melt, or be unable to conduct 
continuous operations
▪ACTUAL RESULT:  The Bluewalker -3 satellite has operated successfully.  
Granted, the Company has not released information on the duration of 
tests, but the quantum of tests and data validation by 3rd parties implies 
no such concern has since been realized
▪FADE MARGIN:  Kerrisdale claims the Spacemobile service will only work 
outdoors with unobstructed line of site and be unable to communicate 
beyond an intermittent text message
▪ACTUAL RESULT:  The Bluewalker -3 satellite has demonstrated 5G voice 
calls lasting several minutes, both indoors and outdoors, confirmed in the 
press by AT&T Head of Global Roaming Suja John.  The Company has 
already demonstrated an ability to provide functionality far more than 
that achieved by Apple and Globalstar
▪COST:  Kerrisdale concludes the satellites could not be built 
economically due to the $200 - $500/W cost of gallium arsenide 
(“GaAs”) solar cells traditionally used in satellite construction.  With a 
power generation capacity in excess of 100W, Kerrisdale concluded 
solar panel costs for each Bluebird would exceed $20MM, which was 
more than ASTS’ projected cost (including launch) for each unit
▪ACTUAL RESULT:  ASTS did not use high cost GaAs) and overall, has 
maintaine d cost guidance for Bluebird Block 1, adjusted for customer -
specific launch modifications, at roughly $22MM per satellite

--- Page 96 ---
ASTS 
TECHNOLOGY 
ROADMAP
▪ ASTS has executed a careful 
testing and commercialization 
plan for its Spacemobile 
constellation, starting with its 
initial proof -of-concept satellite, 
BW-1 in 2019, followed by the 
BW-3 prototype in 2022
▪ The Company will commercialize 
service in 2026 with its high 
capacity NextGen models
96

--- Page 97 ---
TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP▪ ASTS has a robust product roadmap to address increasing 
throughput and additional spectrum capabilities 
▪ Initial blocks are low -band satellites.  Subsequent blocks will 
include mid -band spectrum (Ligado)
▪ The next generation satellites will feature significantly 
higher gain due to the ASIC chip.  The jump in gain shown in 
the table (from 35 dBi to 40 –46 dBi) provides the specific 
mathematical "margin" required to punch signals through 
walls and roofs
▪ At 35 dBi, the satellite is powerful enough for outdoor and 
vehicular connectivity (text/voice). It likely lacks the excess 
"fat" in the link budget to reliably burn through heavy 
building materials.  
▪ The table shows a jump to 40 dBi with the ASIC, or a +5 dB 
increase. In RF physics, +3 dB is a doubling of power. +5 dB 
is roughly 3x the signal strength. This specific 5 dB boost is 
designed to offset the "light indoor" penetration loss.  With 
the midband Block 3 satellites, the gain jumps massively to 
46 dBi (an 11 dB increase over BB1).  
▪ Note that Block 3 operates at a higher frequency (1.4 –2.4 
GHz). Higher frequencies struggle more to penetrate walls 
than the lower 698 MHz bands.  The massive 46 dBi gain 
serves two purposes here: It compensates for the weaker 
physics of the higher frequency and adds the necessary 
brute force power to ensure indoor coverage even at these 
difficult mid -band frequencies
▪ The ability to provide indoor coverage is crucial since it is 
estimated that 80% of cell phone usage is indoors, with the 
remaining 20% split between outdoor use and in -car use
▪ The low band cells will have a diameter of 48km and the 
mid-band cells will have a diameter of 24 km
97


--- Page 98 ---
SCALE DIFFERENCE AMONG ASTS SATELLITES▪ The increase in size, altitude and 
accompanying look angle 
dramatically increases the 
coverage of ASTS Block 1 and 
Block 2 satellites compared to 
that of Starlink D2D satellites
98


--- Page 99 ---
BLUEWALKER 1 SATELLITE
99BW-1 LAUNCH A “CELL PHONE” IN SPACE
PHASED ARRAY ON EARTH SCHEMATIC OF BW -1 TESTING▪BlueWalker 1 (“BW -1”) was launched 
April 1, 2019 on a PSLC -C45 launch 
vehicle in India
▪BW-1 is an ingenious example of 
ASTS’s capital efficiency: ASTS kept 
the prototype on the ground and 
instead launched a tiny satellite to 
create what was, in effect, an 
orbiting handset.  Even though the 
positions of relay and handset were 
reversed, their relative motions were 
the same as they would have been if 
the satellite had been in space and 
the handset on the ground
▪BW-1 demonstrated the feasibility of 
establishing an LTE connection 
between a satellite and a standard 
cellphone using ASTS's technology
▪Bluewalker1 allowed for end -to-end 
connectivity testing, helping validate 
the larger Spacemobile project in 
front of the Series B financing
▪BlueWalker 1 decayed from orbit on 
November 29, 2023


--- Page 100 ---
BLUEWALKER 3 SATELLITE
100STOWED FOR LAUNCH VIEW FROM ORBIT
UNFOLDED – ANTENNA SIDE UNFOLDED – SOLAR SIDE
▪BlueWalker 3 (“BW -3”) is the largest -
ever commercial communications 
array deployed in low earth orbit
▪BW-3 has a 693 square foot phased 
array and deployed at an altitude of 
515 km
▪The satellite cost $92.4MM (initial 
guidance was ~$50MM)
▪The satellite is designed to be 
“dumb” with most processing done 
on the ground
▪Each satellite has over 9,000 actively 
controlled radiating elements that 
give the satellite high flexibility to 
mitigate interfering transmission 
beyond a serving area boundary
▪The scheduled launch of BW -3 was 
delayed by ove r 1 year, in part due to 
a change in the launch provider, but 
also due to a technical problem 
discovered during reliability testing 
that required a change in the 
materials used to frame the microns 
(a switch from aluminum to FE invar, 
which has a very low coefficient of 
thermal expansion)

--- Page 101 ---
BLUEWALKER 3 DELAY
101▪The BW -3 satellite was initially scheduled for launch 
in the summer of 2021 on a Soyuz -2 rocket, as 
disclosed in both SEC documents and FCC permit 
applications
▪An initial delay to early 2022 was caused when ASTS 
changed launch provider, which allowed the 
Company to launch from Florida with SpaceX 
instead of in Kazakhstan.  The Soyuz launch was 
beholden to the timing of the primary cargo, which 
was ultimately delayed.  In hindsight, the move was 
fortuitous since the ensuing Russian War with 
Ukraine halted Russian launches
▪The launch change coincided with ASTS’s final 
testing of BW -3.  Regulatory filings dated November 
3, 2021 revealed that the micron structure's mass 
was increased to enhance its strength. Although not 
explicitly stated, it is apparent that ASTS decided to 
further delay its launch slot with SpaceX to allow for 
modifications of the design
▪In Summer 2022, ASTS finalized a slot aboard the 
SpaceX Transporter -5 mission, a dedicated rideshare 
launch, which launched September 10, 2022
▪The delays and modifications ultimately resulted in 
significant higher costs.  Relative to initial guidance 
of $49 -53MM to build, BW -3 ultimately cost  
$92MM as well as SG&A burn due to longer 
timelines
ORIGINAL LAUNCH SCHEDULE LAUNCH VEHICLE CHANGE
BW-3 MODIFICATIONSBW-3 MODIFICATIONS

--- Page 102 ---
BLUEWALKER 3 SATELLITE
102


--- Page 103 ---
BW-3 MILESTONES
103


--- Page 104 ---
FIRST 5G CONNECTION
104▪On Sept. 19, 2023 ASTS announced the first -ever 5G connection directly from space.  
A call was placed from Maui, Hawaii to a Vodafone engineer in Madrid using AT&T 
spectrum.  The call was placed using an unmodified Samsung Galaxy S22 smartphone
▪ASTS separately announced that it had broken its previous data session record by 
achieving a download speed of approximately 14 Mbps using 5Mhz of spectrum
▪Joint press releases were made with AT&T, Vodafone, and Nokia, which provide 
corroboration of the milestone
▪Prior to the first 5G call, there had been ample confirmation of testing 
accomplishments in the test.  One such update included the fact that test calls have 
since been made both indoors and outdoors, according to AT&T head of global 
roaming Suja John and at various lengths up to several minutesSEPTEMBER 19, 2023


--- Page 105 ---
PARTNER SUPPORT
105
▪In earnings calls and PR, AT&T presented its participation with ASTS in the same historical context as the invention of the p hone itself

--- Page 106 ---
BLUEWALKER -3 TESTING UPDATES▪ In September 2023, ASTS applied for an additional testing 
permit utilizing AT&T’s Upper 700 MHz band in the 825 – 
835 MHz range, as well as AT&T’s FirstNet spectrum 
license in Band 14 (758 -769 MHz)
▪ The proposed 10 MHz channel for Hana provides insight 
into the potential demonstration of BW -3’s capabilities on 
10 MHz blocks and demonstrate use cases for first 
responders  utilizing the FirstNet block
▪ 10 MHz of spectrum across two separate swaths of 
spectrum might be utilized to demonstrated carrier 
aggregation  that combines frequency ranges to boost 
throughput above any single element, although there is 
no mention made this test would be carried out
▪ ASTS was previously able to achieve throughput rates of 
14 Mbps utilization only 5 MHz of spectrum (AT&T’s 830 -
835 spectrum in Maui) deployed at 2.8 bits/Hz spectral 
efficiency. 
▪At 2.8 bits/Hz achieved on BW3, 10 MHz of 
spectrum could theoretically enable data rates of 
around 28 Mbps (10 MHz x 2.8 bits/Hz)
▪However, a Barclays report noted that ASTS had 
achieved speeds of 40 Mbps (4.0 bits/Hz). Barclays is 
ASTS’s financial advisor
▪AST has stated Bluebird satellites planned for 
commercial service will support peak rates over 120 
Mbps per coverage cell using wider channels and 
MIMO techniques
▪ There is a reasonable expectation that testing on the 
wider spectrum allocation will help ASTS qualify for the 
FCC’s 5G Fund for Rural America, which requires 35 / 3 
Mbps for downlink / uplink speeds
106


--- Page 107 ---
BLUEWALKER -3 TESTING UPDATES▪ In January 2024, ASTS reaffirmed its expectation that the 
“operational satellites” would be able to support data 
transmission rates of up to 120 Mbps per beam utilizing 
up to 40 Mhz.  As such, there is an implied ~3 bits / Hz 
achieved spectral efficiency
▪ Block 1 satellites will have 1 Ghz of bandwidth processing 
capacity; each satellite capable of supporting 250 unique 
beams at this maximum capacity.  Block 2 satellites will be 
able to support 10x more, or 2,500 beams
▪ Peak rates up to 120 Mbps assume scenarios where a 
single user might briefly monopolize the full 40 MHz 
allocation for downloading large files.  With additional 
spectrum and MIMO, transmission rates per beam are 
expected to reach 750 Mbps
▪ However, average user speeds would naturally divide that 
total capacity between multiple concurrent devices and 
vary depending on link conditions and application 
throughput needs
▪ In the normal course, 300 -10,000 users are estimated to 
be supported with reliable coverage under a given 
satellite beam at any point in time.  It does not mean all 
those users would be actively transmitting data 
simultaneously. Concurrent usage is likely to be much 
lower on average
▪ Like a terrestrial cell site, not all covered users are 
expected to be heavy daily users constantly maxing out 
the available bandwidth.  Mobile network traffic tends to 
follow predictable diurnal patterns with peaks generally in 
the 5 -20% concurrency range depending on location and 
population density
▪ As such, with 5% concurrency, each satellite will have a 
significant number of users at reasonable data rates
107


--- Page 108 ---
BLUEWALKER -3 TESTING UPDATES▪ ASTS’s guidance on per beam transmission rates is 
useful to compare against SpaceX’s technology.  
While ASTS believes it can reach up to 120 Mbps per 
beam utilizing up to 40 MHz, Starlink noted that it 
can support just 7 Mbps per beam
▪ SpaceX is to use 5 MHz of bandwidth per beam.  
Voice of IP typically requires at least 85 kbps of 
transmission capacity, which would leave SpaceX 
supporting 80 calls per beam.  For context, ASTS can 
support ~9,000 voice calls per beam
▪ As more spectrum is deployed along with MIMO, 
peak transmission rates of 750 Mbps per beam 
allow for very high data transmission rates in areas 
where user density or data throughput 
requirements are higher
▪ The calculation for supported users and peak data 
per user are separately calculated assuming 250 
MHz allocated per beam
▪ ASTS will be bandwidth processing constrained, 
which is a question meriting further investigation.  
Note because of the assumption around maximum 
bandwidth allocated per beam against a fixed 
processing capacity, the implied number of beams 
(which itself drives total supported users) is 
constrained by the processing capacity
▪ The phased array beams can be shaped dynamically 
based on real -time traffic demands, allowing 
bandwidth to be concentrated or dispersed as 
needed across beams.  ASTS’s roadmap will also 
likely include continuous upgrades to resolve any 
bandwidth processing constraints
108
▪Future assumption 
with additional 
spectrum allocation 
and MIMO to 
achieve significantly 
higher speeds (but 
serving fewer 
customers

--- Page 109 ---
BLOCK 1
FPGA ARRAY INCLINATION
▪ Although not yet utilizing ASTS’s 
ASIC chip, processing power of 
Block 1 satellites is 10x that of 
BW-3 due to enhanced power 
efficiency and throughput
▪ Block 1 satellites will have 1 Ghz 
of processing bandwidth▪ The satellites will be roughly the 
same size as the BW -3 satellites, 
with arrays of 693 square feet 
and will provide a total of 5,600 
cells
▪ The satellites fly autonomously, 
unlike BW -3, which was manually 
operated▪ As a result of customer -specific 
requirements, the inclination for 
Block 1 changed to 53 ° which will 
allow the satellite to cover 
anywhere on the glove up to 59 ° 
latitude for both the Northern 
and Southern hemispheres
109


--- Page 110 ---
BLOCK 1
OPERATIONS
▪ ASTS was able to activate Block 1 
on an expedited timeline
▪ The first five satellites provide 
non-continuous cellular 
broadband service with 5,600 
cells across the country
11022 Days 43 Days

--- Page 111 ---
3rd PARTY VALIDATION OF BLOCK 1▪ ASTS received immediate PR 
support from its key partners 
after its US testing program with 
Block 1 commenced
▪ Notably, ASTS is the only satellite 
company pursuing D2C 
connectivity that has had 
independent 3rd party partner 
confirmation and validation
▪ AT&T posted videos showing 
video calls performed over the 
system:  
https://x.com/ATT/status/18940
74104887619645
111


--- Page 112 ---
SUCCCESFUL 
OPERATIONS
▪ ASTS has proven its technology 
with its MNO partners without 
creating any harmful interference
▪ ASTS has worked directly with 
AT&T’s core network
▪ The successful tests mean that 
any device works without a 
software patch or app.  A 
connecting phone will not know 
the difference between ASTS and 
a tower
112


--- Page 113 ---
BLOCK 2
FM-1 & FM2
Call Sign: WP2XRX
ASIC CHIPS SIZE PERFORMANCE
▪ The Company has guided initial 
peak data rates per cell should be 
120 Mbps.  As more satellites are 
added and MINO capabilities 
achieved, rates of 700 -750 Mbps 
are possible
▪ The AST 5000 ASIC chips will be 
produced by ASTS’s foundry 
partner, TSMC.  Capacity will be 
100x BW -3, or 10 Ghz of 
processing bandwidth▪ While currently planned to be 
2,400 square feet, the Company 
has made recent engineering 
advances that might allow the 
footprint to be smaller while not 
compromising capacity
▪ It is likely further engineering 
advances will allow further 
reductions in size without 
affecting capacity ▪ Latency is targeted at 30 ms for 
seamless integration into 5G 
terrestrial networks
▪ Total throughput per satellite is 
expected to reach 9 -13 Gbps as a 
result of 3 parallel backhaul links 
allowing for 1.6MM GB of 
monthly traffic at moderate 
utilization rates 
▪ Each BB2 costs $19 -21MM
113▪ Block 2 BB satellites will benefit from the advantages of a larger aperture array and ASTS’s own ASIC chip
▪ The larger aperture array of the Block 2 BB satellites is expected to provide greater spectrum reuse, enhanced signal 
strength and increased capacity, thereby reducing the number of satellites required to achieve service coverage as 
compared to smaller aperture
▪ The Block 2 BB satellites are designed to provide SpaceMobile Service using both low band and middle band spectrum 
controlled by MNOs, however, the initial Block 2 BB satellites are designed to support low band spectrum only
▪ ASTS has entered into an agreement with a launch service provider to launch the first Block 2 BB satellite during 2025.  4 -
8 satellites will be launched at a time depending on the vehicle
▪ Pending the completion of the fabrication of the ASIC chip, the first 5 Block 2 BB satellites will be based on a FPGA chip.  
ASTS is accelerating production of the first 17 Block 2 satellites 

--- Page 114 ---
BLOCK 2 SATELLITE (FM1 & FM2)▪ Block 2 satellites (FM1 and FM2 in the FCC filings) are an evolution of the 
BlueBird Block 1 satellites launched in September of 2024, with a larger phased 
array and an enhanced satellite bus (ControlSat) to support the larger phased 
array and higher throughput than the Block 1 satellites.  As the ASIC -powered 
BlueBirds are launched, less power will be required
▪ The chassis is metallic and uses 2 Hall effect trusters with 20 kg of Xenon gas.  
The satellites will fly at 520 km and have an end -of-life via passive drag.  It is 
possible the metallic shell is a Faraday cage to harden against an EMP.  
Furthermore, the first two FMs are flying at lower altitudes and the metallic cage 
can provide more protection against soft X -Ray events and small debris.  The 
metallic cage also creates an easier trackable radar profile, which is desirable for 
military testing.  Furthermore, if FM1/FM2 host any black payloads, program 
security might have precluded new composite tooling suppliers and a proven 
metallic barrel simplifies procurement processes 
▪ Upon deployment in orbit, FM1’s antenna array covers approximately 223 m² 
area (about 2400 ft²).  The Block 2 satellite will weigh 5,840 kg, but subsequent 
satellites will be designed with a focus on reduced mass
▪ The Block 2 design eliminates the LVA exoskeleton that protects the phased array 
during launch.  For Block 1, the LVA was jettisoned and became orbital debris.  If 
put into a 520 km orbit, that approach is ok because the LVA will passively 
deorbit within 5 years (as per the rules).  When put into a 700 km orbit (as ASTS 
intends), the LVA would take decades to deorbit, which would require the LVA to 
have its own deorbit system, which would significantly increase cost and mass
▪ With the ControlSat repositioned on the side, the phased array can be unfurled 
with two single direction unfolds rather than two bi -directional unfolds
▪ In subsequent design iterations, an orbit -raising system will be integrated, which 
will eliminate the need for direct -orbital injection
▪ The satellite is intended to remain on orbit for up to 7 years before de -orbiting, 
providing cellular service to multiple regions around the world
114


--- Page 115 ---
BLOCK 2 
SATELLITE 
(FM1 & FM2)
▪ The next generation satellites 
have a more simply unfurling 
process, with fewer movements
▪ The satellites also include optical 
interlinks, as clearly shown on the 
satellites.  Optical Inter -satellite 
Links are important for 
government and military use 
cases, as it allows the satellites to 
communicate without requiring 
direct field of view of a ground 
station 115


--- Page 116 ---
FM-1 TIMELINE▪ FM-1 had an original PDR 
(Preliminary Design Review) in 
May 2024, but a CDR (Critical 
Design Review) in February 2025
▪ The March 2025 document 
revealed a controlsat of 2.15m 
radius and 1.6m height and was 
described as deploying solar 
panels of 30m2
 along with a 
phased array of 223m2
.  Total 
mass was listed at 5,850kg
▪ The satellite was successfully 
launched on December 23, 2025
116

--- Page 117 ---
BLOCK 2 SATELLITE (FM1)▪ On December 14, 2025 
ASTS notified the market 
that FM -1 had been 
landed over to the launch 
provider
▪ On December 23, 2025, 
FM-1 successfully reached 
orbit and begin 
communications with the 
ground stations
117STOWED FOR LAUNCH PAYLOAD SEPARATION
UNFOLDED – ANTENNA SIDE UNFOLDED – SOLAR SIDE


--- Page 118 ---
BLOCK 2 SATELLITE (FM2)▪ On December 21, 2025, 
ASTS announced FM -2 had 
been shipped to Cape 
Canaveral
118SHIPMENT TO FLORIDA VIEW FROM ORBIT
UNFOLDED – ANTENNA SIDE UNFOLDED – SOLAR SIDE


--- Page 119 ---
BLOCK 2 SATELLITE (FM3+)▪ FM-3 will be made of a lighter weight composite and have 3 Hall effect 
thrusters using cheaper Krypton (80kg) for propellent.  The satellites 
will be raised into their 700 km orbit after insertion to 540km.  Total 
mass is 4,200 kg
▪ The satellites will incorporate ASTS’ ASIC chip, which dramatically 
boosts capacity and power efficiency
119


--- Page 120 ---
120AST5000 ASIC CHIPASTS ASIC CHIP
▪While the initial Block 1 Bluebird satellites launched in 2024 will utilize off -the-shelf 
Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) for signal processing, AST SpaceMobile has 
publicly stated their next generation Block 2 satellites will incorporate custom 
Application -Specific Integrated Circuits (“ASICs”) that it has been developing over the 
past four years at a cost of $40MM in R&D
▪For BW -3 and Block 1 satellites, their signal processing is being handled by field -
programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). While FPGAs provide flexibility, their processing 
bandwidth tends to be lower than purpose -built chips
▪For Bluebird Block 2 satellites, ASTS' ASICs are projected to offer around 100x greater 
processing bandwidth than the FPGAs used initially in BW -3. This massive leap 
directly translates to exponential gains in key metrics
▪A higher processing bandwidth means the satellite payload can simultaneously 
manage more signals, users, beam patterns, and spectrum resources at once. This 
directly translates to higher throughput capacity and spectral efficiency for each 
satellite
▪On June 12, 2025, ASTS announced that its ASIC development had been completed
▪The AST5000 ASIC supports 10 GHz of processing bandwidth per satellite and 
enables peak data speeds of 120 Mbps
▪The AST5000 is a mixed -signal RF ASIC, which combines analog RF front -ends 
(amplifiers, filters, ADCs/DACs) with digital signal processing.  Versus pure digital 
ASICs like an AI accelerator, e.g. a Google TPU, the chips have higher design 
complexity per function despite fewer transistors.  Digital ASICs benefit from 
automated tools while ASTS’ ASICs require manual optimization for noise, frequency 
response, and parasitic, making it more challenging to make.  The ASICs must also 
handle extreme conditions (radiation, temperature swings, power constraints) that 
drive complexity 


--- Page 121 ---
KEY PATENTS
DYNAMIC TIME 
DIVISION DUPLEX 
(DTDD) ACCESS 
FOR SATELLITE RAN
CPRI SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATION 
SYSTEM AND 
METHOD
GEOLOCATION OF 
RADIO FREQUENCY 
DEVICES USING 
SPACEBORNE 
PHASED ARRAYS
SATCOM GSM 
SOLUTION DIRECTLY 
COMMUNICATE 
WITH GSM PHONES▪Traditional cell phone networks use different frequencies for upload and download signals, but 
satellite networks could use the same frequency for both by alternating upload and download 
times slots very fast
▪However, timing is challenging with satellites since signals take longer to reach them.  This 
system solves that problem by using the different upload times for each cell phone based on its 
distance from the satellite; signals all arrive together and do not interfere
▪The system allows a group of satellites orbiting Earth to work together to ensure certain places 
on the ground always have a satellite nearby that they can connect to
▪Satellites fly in special oval -shaped paths overhead so that when one satellite passes by, the 
next one is always lining up to take its place, keeping those places below constantly in view of a 
satellite to maintain unbroken internet coverage from space
▪The system allows multiple groups of communicating satellites to share the same airwaves for 
sending signals by coordinating how and when each group uses different frequencies to avoid 
signals colliding
▪It also designs the paths and footprints of satellite signals approaching Earth carefully to 
minimize overlap between groups, reducing interference where their signal zones intersect
▪The system allows common cell phones and internet connected devices to connect directly to 
satellites in space using the same technology as traditional cell towers on Earth
▪It coordinates the timing of signals between different satellite antenna zones and smoothly 
transfers connectivity as devices and satellites move around, to provide a consistent internet 
connection like a cell network from space
121

--- Page 122 ---
KEY PATENTS
ON-DEMAND 
RESOURCE 
MANAGEMENT 
SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATION 
SYSTEM AND METHOD
NETWORK ACCESS 
MANAGEMENT
MOMENTUM WHEELS 
AND REACTION 
WHEELS FOR 
OBJECTS IN SPACE
THERMAL 
MANAGEMENT 
SYSTEM FOR 
STRUCTURES IN 
SPACE▪The system allows signals from cell towers and satellites to share the same airwaves for 
wireless connections, by detecting when cell signals could disrupt satellite links and avoiding 
those frequencies
▪It also manages transmission strengths between the satellite -connected devices and nearby cell 
towers to control interference and keep both networks operating smoothly together in 
overlapping coverage areas
▪The system allows vehicles like cars, planes and ships to maintain an internet connection using 
satellites even while the vehicle is moving
▪It uses the vehicle's planned route and speed to forecast which satellites it will connect to as it 
drives/flies out of range of the current one, preparing handovers to smoothly transition 
between satellites to keep the connection continuous
▪The system allows fast, direct connections between satellites flying overhead in low orbits and 
antennas on phones, cars, etc. using highly directional beams
▪It selects the best alignment between the satellite and ground antenna directions based on 
their positions to maintain the strongest connection possible even as their positions are 
changing constantly relative to each other
▪The system helps keep the internal electronics and equipment on satellites from overheating, 
both in direct sunlight and eclipse periods
▪It relies on transmitting heat efficiently through physical connections and radiating it out from 
exposed surfaces, while also blocking solar heating as needed, to maintain stable operating 
temperatures under extreme thermal cycling in space
122

--- Page 123 ---
KEY PATENTS
AOCS SYSTEM TO 
MAINTAIN PLANARITY FOR 
SPACE DIGITAL BEAM 
FORMING USING CARRIER 
PHASE DIFFERENTIAL GPS, 
IMU AND MAGNET 
TORQUES ON LARGE 
SPACE STRUCTURES
SOLAR, ELECTRONIC, RF 
RADIATOR FOR A SELF -
CONTAINED STRUCTURE 
FOR SPACE 
APPLICATION ARRAY
ADAPTIVE TAPER 
SELECTION FOR 
BEAMFORMING
PHASE ARRAY 
ROUTING 
CONNECTIVITY▪This patent describes a system for keeping large space structures (like satellite arrays) perfectly 
aligned using GPS, sensors, and magnetic forces
▪The system ensures these structures remain flat and stable in space, crucial for effective 
communication signal management
▪The patent describes a modular, flexible solar array for use on satellites. It uses a multi -layer 
stacked design with solar cells on one side for power generation and radiator materials on the 
other for heat dissipation
▪Key features include the use of a flexible aluminum structural layer allowing the array to be 
folded for launch and deployed in space, and the inclusion of individual communications 
antenna elements arranged modularly so the array can be customized for different satellite 
missions
▪A method for satellites in low -Earth orbit to adaptively select the right "beam shape" for 
transmitting and receiving signals based on its position and the interference environment
▪By adjusting the beam shape, also known as using different "tapers", the satellites can optimize 
signal coverage while minimizing interference with nearby beams. This allows the system to 
provide better phone service to areas without cell towers
▪The patent outlines a network of interconnected satellites, including a central control unit, 
designed to facilitate resilient and efficient data routing in space
▪It emphasizes adaptive connectivity, allowing the network to maintain functionality even if 
some satellites fail, ensuring uninterrupted communication
123

--- Page 124 ---
KEY PATENTS
SYSTEM FOR 
TRACKING SOLAR 
ENERGY
SYSTEM WITH 
MODULATED SIGNAL 
TO COMPENSATE 
FREQUENCY ERRORS 
IN LTE SIGNALS
MUTUAL COUPLING 
BASED CALIBRATION 
WITH OFDM SIGNALS
SELECTION, DIVERSITY 
COMBINING OR 
SATELLITE MIMO TO 
MITIGATE SCINTILLATION 
AND/OR NEAR -
TERRESTRIAL MULTIPATH 
TO USER DEVICES▪The system uses a phased array of antennas behind solar panels to electrically track and focus 
sunlight, replacing mechanical solar panel articulation
▪This allows for simpler, more reliable solar tracking on satellites without moving parts
▪The patent describes a system to adjust the frequency of LTE signals in satellite 
communication, ensuring compliance with LTE standards.  It addresses challenges like Doppler 
effect and clock source discrepancies, crucial for maintaining signal integrity in satellite -to-
ground communication
▪It utilizes a phased array antenna on a satellite to electronically steer narrow radio frequency 
beams toward Earth instead of relying on mechanical systems, resulting in a lighter, simpler 
and more flexible capabilities
▪The patent describes a technique for calibrating the signal properties of individual antennas in 
a phased array, which is important for ensuring beams are formed accurately.  
▪It does this by having the antennas send test signals to each other and analyzing the results to 
measure how they interact and influence each other, known as mutual coupling.  Accounting 
for these inter -antenna effects helps the phased array direct its beams correctly during normal 
operations
▪The patent describes technologies for improving satellite -based cell phone service by using 
signals from multiple satellites together
▪It allows switching between satellites or combining their signals to ensure users remain 
connected even if the signal from one satellite is temporarily disrupted.  This helps mitigate 
issues like signal disruption caused by the Earth's ionosphere, especially in polar regions, 
thereby providing more reliable satellite coverage
124

--- Page 125 ---
KEY PATENTS
SATELLITE MIMO 
SYSTEM
AI POWER 
MANAGEMENT 
SYSTEM FOR 
EFFECTIVE DUTY 
CYCLE FOR SPACE 
CONSTELLATIONS
SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR HIGH 
THROUGHPUT FRACTIONATED 
SATELLITES (HTFS) FOR DIRECT 
CONNECTIVITY TO AND FROM 
END USER DEVICES AND 
TERMINALS USING FLIGHT 
FORMATIONS OF SMALL OR VERY 
SMALL SATELLITES
XXX▪The patent describes using multiple satellites together to act like multiple antennas on a cell 
tower, to implement MIMO wireless connectivity for a user even if they are far from cell towers
▪By transmitting different signals to the user via different satellites simultaneously, higher data 
rates and better connectivity can be achieved compared to single antenna transmission, similar 
to how MIMO works with cell towers
▪The system uses AI to optimize when and how much a group of communicating satellites uses 
power for best coverage while keeping their batteries charged
▪By adjusting power usage over time, the satellites can both communicate as much as needed 
and sustain themselves on solar power without battery issues
▪The patent focuses on a satellite system where multiple small satellites work together to form 
a large, efficient communication network in space
▪This approach significantly reduces the cost and weight of space missions while improving 
communication capabilities with user devices
▪XXX
125

--- Page 126 ---
126NOKIA INTEGRATIONOVERVIEW
▪AST SpaceMobile announced a partnership with Nokia in April 2021 to collaborate on 
integrating AST SpaceMobile's space -based cellular broadband technology into 
Nokia's existing infrastructure products and services
▪Nokia is a leader in 5G technology and infrastructure for mobile network operators 
worldwide. It supplies gear and software virtualization to operators representing 
80% of the world's connected population, making it an ideal partner for ASTS to work 
with on integration and global deployment
▪Nokia will incorporate ASTS' space -to-ground wireless connectivity capabilities into 
its portfolio of products and services for mobile operators. This will allow operators 
using Nokia equipment to easily add ASTS' services
▪Nokia will supply ground infrastructure equipment like base stations and existing 
telecom hardware to facilitate the space -to-ground link between ASTS' satellites and 
existing cellular networks. This includes radio access network (RAN) and core 
network virtualization
▪Nokia will help optimize the space -to-ground interface to ensure low latency and 
seamless handovers between satellite and terrestrial cellular connectivity. This 
integration is key for ensuring a positive user experience
▪Working with Nokia gives ASTS access to Nokia's global customer base of mobile 
operators. Making deployment and adoption of ASTS' services much faster and on a 
worldwide scale
▪Nokia's expertise in 5G networks and virtualization software will help ASTS meet 
technical challenges in integrating a satellite layer into complex mobile networks


--- Page 127 ---
INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 128 ---
ASTS - UPLINK
128
▪Orbital Height of 520km.  The higher the altitude, the higher the path loss, 
meaning more signal strength is lost over distance.  However, a higher altitude 
allows a greater look angle and therefore more coverage with fewer satellites. 
Subsequent launches will see AST operate at 700 km
▪Carrier Bandwidth(180 kHz).  The width of the frequency band used to transmit the signal.  
Larger bandwidth allows more data, but spreads out the UE Uplink Power, reducing power 
density.  For ASTS, maintaining a bandwidth of 180 kHz keeps the power spread 
manageable, improving the ability to handle signal
▪UE Uplink Power ( -10 dBW) is the total transmitted power from the user device.  It works in 
conjunction with the UE antenna transit gain and the uplink path loss to determine how 
much of the original signal strength reaches the satellite.  A low uplink power means the 
signal is relatively weak, so other factors, like antenna gain and path loss become critical 
▪Uplink Power Density ( -62.6 dBW/Hz) represents how much power is available per unit of 
bandwidth.  If carrier bandwidth increases, power density decreases unless UE uplink power 
is also increased.  This value along with path loss determines whether the signal is detected 
by the satellite▪Uplink Frequency (844 MHz) can impact path loss; higher frequencies have more loss as they 
propagate through the atmosphere.  ASTS uses premium spectrum at lower frequencies that 
minimize atmospheric attenuation 
▪UE Antenna Transmit Gain (0 dBi) helps focus the signal in a particular direction.  A higher 
antenna gain would compensate for low UE uplink power.  More mobile devices have 
omnidirectional antennas with 0 dBi gain▪Effective Isotropic Radiated Power (e.i.r.p.) ( -10 dBW) combines the UE uplink power and UE 
antenna gain to give the total radiated power.  e.i.r.p. must be strong enough to overcome 
uplink path loss ▪Path length (520 km)
▪Uplink Path loss (145.3 dB) represents the signal strength reduction over the distance to the 
satellite.  It is influenced by orbital height, uplink frequency, and path loss.  If path loss is too 
high, it can overwhelm e.i.r.p., resulting in a weak signal.  A lower path loss would improve 
the C/N ratio and overall system performance ▪Space Station Receiver Beam Peak Gain (35 dBi) amplifies the signal 
received from the user equipment.  High peak gain compensates for the 
high path loss, allowing the satellite to pick up weak uplink signals.  The 
gain focuses the signal reception and improves the overall C/N ratio. In 
subsequent launches at higher altitudes, ASTS will have peak gain of 41 
dBi and I mid -bands, be able to transit at 47 dBi
▪Satellite Receiver G/T (5.8 dB/K) measures the satellite’s receiver quality 
by comparing antenna gain to noise temperature .  A higher G/T means 
the satellite can better receive weak signals.  If path loss and UE uplink 
power result in a weak signal, a high G/T can still ensure the satellites 
captures the signal effectively45° 90°
▪The Carrier -To-Noise ratio (C/N) (23.6 dB) s 
determined by the path loss, e.i.r.p., satellite 
antenna gain, and G/T.  A higher C/N means 
the signal stands out better from noise.  For 
solid and reliable satellite communications, a 
typical C/N ratio would be between 10 -20 db.
▪A C/N of 23.6 dB is very good  for a solid and 
reliable uplink; the signal’s power is 
significantly higher than the noise in the 
system.  23.6 dB is approximately 236 times 
stronger than the noise and anything above 
15 dB is considered a strong system
▪Uplink Power Flux Density ( -127.9 
dB(W/m2/MHz)).  These are in -band emissions

--- Page 129 ---
ASTS - DOWNLINK
129
▪Orbital Height of 520km.  The higher the altitude, the higher the path loss, 
meaning more signal strength is lost over distance.  However, a higher altitude 
allows a greater look angle and therefore more coverage with fewer satellites.  
Subsequent launches will see AST operate at 700 km
▪Carrier Bandwidth(9,000 kHz).  The larger the bandwidths, the more data but also the lower 
power density.  Larger bandwidths spread the downlink power over a wider range, making it 
harder for the user equipment (“UE”) to receive a strong signal unless compensated by 
higher power or gain.  Data would use higher bandwidth (9,000 kHz), while narrowband 
applications such as voice could use 1,400 kHz
▪Downlink Power Density ( -54.2 dBW/Hz) depends on the bandwidth and the downlink power
▪Downlink Path Loss (145.7 dB) represents the signal loss over the distance to th e user.  This 
interacts with e.i.r.p. and antenna gain to determine the final signal strength at the user 
equipment
▪Downlink Frequency (889 MHz) affects the path loss experienced as the signal travels from 
the satellite to the user.  High frequencies generally have higher path loss.  Lower 
frequencies, such as those used by ASTS, experience less attenuation than higher 
frequencies
▪UE Noise Figure  (9.0 dB) is a measure of how much noise is added by the receiver in the user 
equipment relative to an ideal, noiseless receiver; lower is better
▪UE System Noise Temperature (2367 K) is the total noise power present in a system receiver, 
both internal noise from the receiver’s components as well as external noise such as 
background radiation
▪UE G/T , or gain -to-noise temperature ratio, ( -33.7 dB/K) of the user equipment indicates how 
well it can process weak signals.  Mobile devices typically have small, low -gain antennas, 
which increase their reliance on satellite transmissions to have sufficient power to ensure a 
reliable link.  A low G/T means that the UE is less efficient at receiving weak signals.  It 
interacts with downlink power density, path loss, and receive gain to determine how 
effectively the UE can communicate with the satellite▪Downlink Power (15.4 dBW) represents the power at which the satellite transmits to user 
equipment.  It is one of the most critical factors influencing how well the UE can receive 
signal.  A satellite typically transits power in the range of 10 -20 dBW, leaving ASTS within the 
normal range.  Because ASTS is operating in LEO, the downlink power should be more than 
sufficient.  The beam spot size also factors into whether the power translates to an effective 
beam.  ASTS uses high -gain, narrow -beam antennas to focus power instead of spreading it 
over a wide area.  15.4 dBW translates to 34.8 watts.  For context, a terrestrial tower operates 
at roughly 40 -50 watts.  34.8 watts is quite strong considering the altitude and directional 
nature of satellite antennas▪Path length (520 km)
▪Space Station Receiver Beam Peak Gain (35 dBi) focuses the signal down 
toward the user.  High gain ensures the transmitted power is directed more 
efficiently to the user, helping to overcome path loss.  This directly improves 
the e.i.r.p.  In subsequent launches at higher altitudes, ASTS will have peak 
gain of 41 dBi and I mid -bands, be able to transit at 47 dBi
▪Effective Isotropic Radiated Power (e.i.r.p) ( -19.2 dBW/Hz) is the result of 
downlink power and satellite transmit gain.  High e.i.r.p. means the satellite 
can send a stronger signal to the user equipment
▪Total C/(N+I) (22.9 dB) is the signal strength relative to noise.  A higher C/N 
means better signal quality and more reliable communication.  ASTS 
produces a strong ratio and indicates a good signal.  A ratio above 20 is 
typically considered very good.  A ratio of 20 dB is indicative of excellent 
signal quality capable of supporting higher -order modulation, high data 
throughput, and experiencing minimal errors
▪Downlink Power Flux Density ( -108.4 dB/(W/m2/4 kHz) and -84.5 dB(W/m2/1 
MHz)) measures how much of the downlink power reaches the user
▪UE Antenna Transmit Gain (0 dBi) helps focus the signal in a particular direction.  A higher 
antenna gain would compensate for low UE uplink power.  More mobile devices have 
omnidirectional antennas with 0 dBi gain.  Mobile devices typically have omnidirectional 
antennas with low gain, meaning they rely more on the satellite’s e.i.r.p.45° 90°

--- Page 130 ---
SIDE LOBES
130INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.▪ Side lobes are part of the signal’s 
frequency spectrum that extend 
on either side. While they 
represent part of the intended 
signal, when they extend beyond 
the allowed band, they can 
contribute to OOBE (“Out -of-
Band Emissions”)
▪ Side lobes are secondary peaks in 
the frequency spectrum of a 
signal.  They exist because of how 
the signal’s energy spills over into 
adjacent frequencies because of 
imperfect confinement
▪ Side lobes are like the dimmer 
rings of light around the main 
beam of a flashlight.  While most 
of the light should shine straight 
ahead in the main beam (main 
lobe), some of the light naturally 
spills out to the sides (side lobes) 
into other frequencies
▪ Side lobes can interfere with 
neighboring frequencies
ASTS BEAM PATTENS FOR DIFFERENT SATELLITE EVALUATION ANGLES
▪The beam patterns show the phased array antenna beam at differen t elevation angles.  When the 
satellite is directly overhead, the beam pattern is tight.  As the satellite is at an angle to the user, 
there are increased side lobes
▪The graphs above visualize the spatial domain of the antenna’s beam pattern to show how well 
the satellite’s phased array forms a beam in specific directions and how much energy is radiated 
outside the main beam

--- Page 131 ---
SIDE LOBES
131INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.ASTS BEAM PATTERNS
 STARLINK BEAM PATTE RNS
-22dBi drop off from main 
beam to side lobe-50dBi drop off 
from main beam 
to side lobe
Side lobes; lower is better
Side lobes; 
lower is better▪ASTS’s beam has significantly 
higher peak gain (>40 dBi), 
indicating a stronger main beam 
than Starlink’s (34 dBi), which 
suggests superior beam focusing 
ability
▪ASTS also has much less prominent 
side lobes, which indicates better 
side lobe suppression.  The result 
will be less energy leakage outside 
the main beam
▪Starlink has significant side lobes, 
some of which reach up to 15 dBi, 
which potentially cause more 
interference or inefficiencies in the 
network.  There are also deep nulls 
in Starlink’s pattern, which could 
result in coverage gaps or 
inconsistencies in the signal 
strength.  Nulls are regions where 
the destructive interference 
between the antenna elements 
causes the signal to cancel out, 
leading to very low or no energy 
radiated in those areas
STARLINK BEAM PATTENS
▪ASTS has a beam with 5 -10 dB greater 
gain, which leads to better signal quality
▪ASTS has side lobes that are >20 dB less, 
which leads to less interference
▪ASTS has a narrower main beam, which 
leads to less interference
▪The Y -axis is on a log scale, which 
indicates that Starlink’s interference is 
10x that of ASTS

--- Page 132 ---
132INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
▪ The Adjacent Channel Leakage 
Ratio ("ACLR") measures the ratio 
of power leakage from the main 
frequency band into an adjacent 
band
▪ ACLR can be caused by side lobes 
or imperfect filtering. ACLR can 
include energy leakage from side 
lobes and Out -of-Band Emissions 
(OOBE) near the adjacent band
▪ It is a measure of how much 
signal energy from one frequency 
band (e.g., 800 MHz) "leaks" into 
an adjacent band (e.g., 700 MHz)
▪ It quantifies how much of the 
signal power that was supposed 
to stay in one band is spilling over 
to another band
▪ High ACLR means a lot of energy 
from the primary signal is leaking 
into neighboring channels, 
potentially disrupting 
communication in adjacent bands
▪ If too much energy leaks into the 
adjacent band, it can interfere 
with communications in the bandSIDE LOBES ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.▪ASTS will operate with an ACLR of 45 dB, which means the power in adjacent channels is 45 dB 
lower than in the main channel.  This is a high  level of isolation, which means there is very little 
leakage into adjacent channels.  The intended channel is 45 dB higher than the potential 
interference in an adjacent channel
▪Because ASTS will operate with a resulting C/I (carrier to interference) ratio that is significantly 
higher than the operational C/N (carrier to noise) on most mobile -satellite systems, there will b e 
no  harmful interference.  A high Carrier -to-Interference ratio indicates that the desired signal is 
much stronger than the interference
-45 dBW/m2/MHz▪The graphic is a 
spectrum analyzer 
output showing 
measurements in the 
frequency domain
▪The X -axis represents 
the frequency, and 
the Y -axis represents 
power in dB
▪The graph is 
centered at 889 
MHz, with adjacent 
channel power 
measured on either 
side

--- Page 133 ---
133INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
▪ While ASTS has an ACLR of -45 
dBW/m2/MHz, Starlink operates 
at -24.6 dBW/m2/MHz. A 20 dB 
difference, which is on a 
logarithmic scale, represents an 
enormous difference in the 
relative power drop -off in 
adjacent bands
▪ A low ACLR has two major 
benefits. Firstly, it means that an 
operator does not degrade its 
own traffic. Based on frequency 
reuse patterns, an operator can 
use cells of a similar frequency 
more closely together to provide 
coverage, because one cell is 
unlikely to interfere with a 
nearby cell on the same 
frequency
▪ Secondly, a low ACLR also avoids 
creating a problem for other 
operators because it will avoid 
create interference in the 
frequencies of other operators.SIDE LOBES ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.FREQUENCY REUSE PATTERNS
▪ASTS’s low ACLR allows for 
frequency reuse closer 
together because each cell 
is not spilling frequency 
into nearby cells
▪A high ACLR means cells 
are unable to reuse 
frequency as much, 
requiring more spectrum 
to be used to cover the 
same area

--- Page 134 ---
134INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
▪ Out-Of-Band -Emissions (“OOBE”) typically refers to unintended 
radio frequency emissions that spill outside the assigned 
frequency band
▪ OOBE refers to any emissions outside the intended frequency 
range, including areas well beyond the adjacent channels; ACLR 
focuses on energy leaking into the adjacent band
▪ The FCC sets specific OOBE limits, and the unwanted emissions 
must be below a certain power level (measured in dBW/MHz)
▪ For the SCS rules, the FCC used an aggregate OOBE concept.  
Aggregate OOBE refers to the combined emissions from 
multiple satellites in a constellation system, rather than just 
focusing on the emissions from a single satellite.  For example, 
for a constellation like Starlink that has a significant number of 
satellites, the total OOBE experienced by nearby systems can be 
significantly higher if all satellites contribute small amounts of 
interference
▪ While a single satellite’s OOBE might be within acceptable 
limits, the combined emissions from hundreds or thousands of 
satellites can accumulate and exceed the thresholds.  The FCC’s 
Part 25 regulations stipulate that the aggregate OOBE from an 
NGSO constellation must be calculated to ensure that even 
when all satellites are operating together, the combined 
emissions do not exceed predefined interference levels
▪ Aggregate OOBE is typically calculated based on simulations 
that estimate the worst -case scenario for emissionsSIDE LOBES ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.
▪The finalized FCC rule regarding interference is above.  Power Flux Density 
describes the amount of power per unit area in a specific frequency range
▪-120 dBW/m2/MHz is an extremely low power level, indicating that a small 
amount of energy is present outside the band
▪For example, 0 dBW is 1 watt of power.  -120 dBW is 1 femtowatt or 1*10-15 
of power
▪The threshold of -120 dBW/m2/MHz is about equal to the noise floor of most 
radio receivers.  It is so weak that specialized equipment is needed to detect 
it.  A common Wi -Fi router might have a signal strength of around -40 - -50 
dBW at a short distance

--- Page 135 ---
135INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
▪ European MNOs wrote to the FCC 
reinforcing the potential harm of 
loosening the OOBE limit of -120 
dBW/m2/MHz
▪ The MNOs noted that European 
networks operate within smaller 
national territories and with much 
closer neighbors, placing additional 
constraints on achieving interference -
free operation
▪ The European MNO’s disregarded 
Starlink’s claim that a -6 dB I/N 
(interference to noise) approach had 
been internationally acceptedSIDE LOBES ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.


--- Page 136 ---
136INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
▪ Starlink has been open about its inability to 
comply with the OOBE limits, stating “[the limit] 
will negatively impact direct -to-cellular service in 
the PCS G Block immediately by reducing 
throughput and service latency.”  Starlink 
continues by elaborating, “SpaceX can use 
several measures to reduce aggregate out -of-
band emissions of its direct -to-cellular system —
including reducing the number of active beams 
on a satellite, reducing the power of those 
beams, or a combination of the two. But SpaceX 
could not comply with the aggregate out -of-
band emissions limit in Section 25.202(k)(1) in 
the PCS G Block without needlessly sacrificing 
reliable real -time communications, including 
emergency voice and video, for American 
consumers, limiting the most powerful 
supplemental coverage system in the world to 
just a text service”
▪ To comply with the limit, Starlink would need to 
reduce its in -band satellite power by more than 
half.  As a result, Starlink would sacrifice 
substantial system capacity and capability, 
either turning down power by half and keeping 
all beams active, reducing its beam count by 
half, or a combination of bothSIDE LOBES ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.
▪The table above shows the impact from reducing the power of the main beams to 
comply with the inference limit.  Typical body loss may range from 3 dB when 
holding a phone in a hand to 8 dB when a phone is in a pocket.  Tree cover of just 
13 feet canopy thickness might contribute 4.5dB losses.  Communicating from 
within a building may contribute up to 10 dB of losses
▪When complying with the FCC rules, Starlink’s systems goes from providing 
reasonable service most of the time to providing an almost unusable system

--- Page 137 ---
137INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
▪ While Starlink must explain why its system will 
not work under the existing thresholds, ASTS is 
able to simply provide its link budget to the FCC, 
indicating a strong signal while complying with 
the OOBE threshold
▪ The C/N figure below is a very strong signal 
capable of handling data transmissionSIDE LOBES ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.


--- Page 138 ---
138INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
▪ The Adjacent Channel Leakage Ratio (“ACLR”) is the key 
concept around why Starlink was able to get a waiver, 
albeit limited.  ASTS emits only -40db in adjacent 
channels whereas Starlink emits -20db.  ASTS has lower 
emissions than terrestrial towers whereas Starlink is 
worse than towers
▪ Starlink has earth moving cells (vs. ASTS with fixed 
earth cells) along with large sidelobes.  This is a 
compounded problem with beams moving along the 
ground with sidelobes emitting more than needed in 
places where the beams should not be
▪ The Starlink waiver allows the Company to have OOBE 
of -110.6 dBW/m2/MHz vs. the original SCS threshold of 
-120 dBW/m2/MHz
▪ Starlink must address any harmful interference and 
ensure no harmful interference.  
▪ The waiver applies only to the 5 MHz band segments 
immediately adjacent to the downlinks for the Starlink 
SCS service
▪ Starlink will have difficulty using the waiver effectively 
because given its large sidelobes, while Starlink is able 
to go with higher power, it is only able to increase 
power such that it still does not disrupt more distant 
channels.  Given its poor beam forming, that issue 
quickly relevant since the prior rules remain in effect in 
all other frequency channelsSIDE LOBES ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.


--- Page 139 ---
139INTERFERENCE CONCEPTS
▪ When a satellite is emitting at the legal SCS limit of 120 
dBW per square meter per megahertz the signal is so 
faint that nobody on Earth can see it. It sits below the 
noise floor and it is invisible even to sensitive 
equipment.
▪ When ham operators and astronomers can clearly 
detect Starlink satellites from the ground that tells you 
everything you need to know. The emissions are far 
stronger than 120. That is why Starlink needed a waiver 
for mid bandSIDE LOBES ACLROUT OF BEAM 
EMISSIONS.


--- Page 140 ---
STARLINK 
CHALLENGES
▪ DIRECTV has filed its analysis of 
how Starlink is negatively 
impacting adjacent transmissions, 
particularly of satellite TV
▪ The study reveals real world 
implications of high OOBE and 
inferior beam forming technology
▪ With continued problems, it is 
possible Starlink might be 
required to lower its power and 
lose its current FCC waivers
140


--- Page 141 ---
SPECTRUM STRATEGY 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 142 ---
SPECTRUM OVERVIEW▪ Radio spectrum (spectrum) is the 
unseen raw natural resource that 
underpins the wireless 
transmission of information
▪ These broad groupings of bands 
are commonly referred to as: 
low-band, mid -band and high -
band
▪ Telecommunications companies 
that purchase spectrum licenses 
and use the frequencies to 
deploy services to businesses and 
consumers. Government 
organizations that have rights to, 
and use spectrum for national 
interest use cases.  The FCC and 
NTIA manage spectrum 
allocation, whether licensed or 
unlicensed
142


--- Page 143 ---
LOW BAND SPECTRUM▪ Low-band spectrum has been at the 
core of 2G, 3G, and 4G/LTE 
deployments to date. The low -band is 
characterized by its ability to travel 
greater distances and require less 
infrastructure (such as towers and 
radio equipment) to operate, 
compared to higher frequency 
spectrum
▪ The current balanced allocation of 
spectrum in the low band has allowed 
mobile connectivity to thrive in the 
United States over the past two 
decades, with recent auctions 
including the reverse -auction of the 
600 MHz band to commercial 
wireless providers
▪ Currently, approximately 780 MHz of 
low-band spectrum are allocated for 
commercial wireless use compared to 
938 MHz allocated to government.  
Other uses include military 
communications, surveillance and 
radar, air traffic control, public 
services, and TV and radio 
broadcasting
▪ Government has access to spectrum 
in 34% of the low band, other users 
have access to 52%, and commercial 
wireless has access to 29%
143


--- Page 144 ---
LOWER MID -BAND SPECTRUM▪ Moving up in frequency, the 
lower mid -band begins to offer 
greater throughput per MHz, but 
travel radius begins to decrease 
slightly. Commercial wireless 
licenses in this range have largely 
been used to deploy 5G services 
to date due to this band’s ability 
to support the required 
technological standards for 5G, 
including higher capacity
144


--- Page 145 ---
UPPER MID -BAND SPECTRUM▪ Upper mid -band spectrum 
continues to trade off a lower 
range of coverage with higher 
capacity. This range is 
increasingly coming into focus 
today as a potential spectrum 
source for commercial wireless 
5G operations, and in the future 
may be further leveraged for 
future generations of wireless as 
standards are confirmed
▪ The majority of spectrum in this 
range is held for government 
uses. Government has access to 
8150 MHz which represents 
about 52% of spectrum in the 
upper mid -band
▪ Satellite occupies about 43% of 
the upper mid -band for uses such 
as satellite broadband and 
television distribution
▪ Other uses of this band include 
4850 MHz of backhaul for fixed 
wireless services, representing 
31% of spectrum in the upper 
mid-band. While fixed wireless 
backhaul may ultimately enable 
commercial wireless use cases, 
the nature of these licenses 
(fixed, point to point microwave) 
mean this spectrum cannot be 
use for mobile communications
145


--- Page 146 ---
HIGH -BAND SPECTRUM▪ High -band spectrum offers the 
greatest capacity (in the ranges 
examined here) balanced with a 
shorter range of coverage. While 
it was not traditionally in focus 
for most non -government uses, 
with the advent of mm Wave 
technology used in 5G, this band 
has become more critical for 
commercial wireless use
▪ The increased interest has 
spurred several recent auctions 
of mm Wave bands in the past 
several years, rendering 5.4 GHz 
of high -band spectrum available 
for commercial wireless use 
cases.  The high -band is still 
predominantly allocated to 
government, satellites, and 
“other” uses, such as 
experimental services 
▪ Government remains the 
majority spectrum holder in the 
high -band with over 2x as much 
spectrum as commercial wireless 
in this band, primarily using these 
ranges for satellite, radiolocation 
and radionavigation, and 
experimental uses
146


--- Page 147 ---
LIGADO SPECTRUM FIRSTNET MNO PARTNER
▪ ASTS will have, subject to FCC 
approval, 45 MHZ of premium 
mid-band spectrum in the L -band 
once its Ligado spectrum lease 
deal is fully approved▪ With its FirstNet relationship, 
ASTS is set to access 20 MHz of 
low band spectrum, which will be 
used for government and 
emergency services
▪ Because the spectrum can be 
used for commercial purposes 
when not needed for government 
use, it is possible ASTS can 
leverage this spectrum for its 
other offerings▪ Initial spectrum leases of 2.8 MHz 
each from AT&T and Verizon 
have been filed with the FCC
▪ It is expected that additional 
spectrum licenses are granted as 
the service is brought to market
▪ Because of 3GPP, there is over 
1,000 MHz of frequencies in 
phones today that will work, in 
principle, on ASTS’ system
147ASTS US 
SPECTRUM 
STRATEGY
▪ ASTS has assembled a broad 
spectrum portfolio in the US 
through its owned spectrum and 
partner spectrum.  At Q3 2025, 
the Company disclosed its 
accessible spectrum for the first 
time.  Spectrum access is 
expected to grow over time as 
ASTS’ MNO partners allocate 
more spectrum as the service 
goes live


--- Page 148 ---
LIGADO 
SPECTRUM DEAL
▪ On January 6, 2025, ASTS 
announced a deal to enter into a 
lease agreement with Ligado for 
its L-band spectrum
▪ Ligado has exclusive nationwide 
FCC authority on the 1526 – 1536 
MHz, the 1627.5 – 1637.5 MHz, 
and 1646.5 – 1656.5 MHz bands 
of spectrum, or 30 MHz in total in 
the L -band
148
▪The Ligado transaction is the culmination of a tortured journey by Ligado and its investors to utilize attractive L -band 
spectrum in the US.  While Ligado had attempted to utilize the spectrum with a terrestrial network, interference issues 
and concerns from th e Department of War stalled progress
▪The elegance of the ASTS tr ansaction is that the spectrum is being reclaimed back to usage as MSS spectrum (space -
based), which creates a permanent fix to prior concerns and issues raised by the FCC and the Department of War

--- Page 149 ---
ASTS 
ANNOUNCEMENT
149LIGADO SPECTRUM DEAL
LIGADO 
BACKGROUNDTECHNICAL  
ANALYSISDEAL DETAILS▪ On January 6, 2025, ASTS announced 
a deal to enter into a lease agreement 
with Ligado for up to 45 MHz of its L -
band spectrum, which represents the 
largest available block of nationwide 
spectrum in the US. The deal is part of 
a binding Restructuring Support 
Agreement as part of the Ligado 
bankruptcy
▪ ASTS specifically noted the acquired 
spectrum would add “additional” 
capabilities and pair “existing plans” 
based on low -band spectrum with the 
45 MHz of lower mid -band spectrum
▪ With 45 MHz covering the entire US 
population, the value of the spectrum 
is potentially worth up to $20BN; ASTS 
likely got the deal because it was one 
of the few companies (only company) 
that could monetize Ligado’s MSS 
spectrum that has had a troubled 
history
▪ ASTS’s D2D technology fundamentally 
changes the value of Ligado’s 
spectrum and should overcome the 
historical challenges to monetizing the 
L-band▪ASSET OVERVIEW▪ASTS is to receive long -term spectrum usage rights for 80+ years for 40 MHz of L -Band MSS 
spectrum in the U.S. and Canada, plus access to an additional 5 MHz of US spectrum in the 
1670 -1675 MHz band
▪ASTS will also get access to all the capacity on Ligado’s SkyTerra -1 satellite and ground station 
assets
▪Pure MSS spectrum (without terrestrial authorization and/or ASTS’s unique technology) has a 
very different value from terrestrial spectrum and likely limited to legacy use cases and niche 
applications.  
▪CONSIDERATION▪Ligado received 4.7MM penny warrants convertible into ASTS A -class shares, which have a 12 -
month lock -up 
▪Ligado received $550MM, financed by a non -recourse senior -secured term loan facility 
▪ASTS will pay $80MM annually for spectrum usage rights and provide Ligado with long -term 
net revenue sharing rights
▪A revenue share equal to the greater of 17.5% of the revenue derived from the L -band 
spectrum, 5% of ASTS’s total North American net revenue where the L -band is adopted on 
both Apple and Android devices, or 2.5% of ASTS’s total North American net revenue where 
the L -band is adopted on either Apple or Android devices
▪STRATEGIC 
IMPORTANCE▪The L -band spectrum provides not only SCS services for dead -spots, but additional capacity 
everywhere , which improves the overall service offering of ASTS’s MNO partners (alleviating 
excess capacity towers, for example, in peak load areas)
▪The deal specifically includes mention of both a mobile and fixed wireless business plan, 
potentially allowing ASTS to offer a broader portfolio of services and importantly, offer 
services directly to uncertain customers (e.g. military, government) and realize the full value 
of an integrated service
▪DEAL NOTES▪ASTS is entitled to a $200MM break -up fee; protection against adverse DoD rulings has a 
separate break -up fee schedule that provides long -term protections

--- Page 150 ---
150LIGADO BACKGROUND
▪ Ligado is authorized to provide MSS in 
the 1525 -1559 MHz and 1626.5 -1660.5 
MHz portions of the L -Band, with the 
lower band (1525 -1559 MHz) allocated 
for downlink transmissions (from MSS 
satellites to mobile earth stations) and 
the upper band (1626.5 -1660.5 MHz) 
allocated for uplink transmissions (from 
mobile earth stations to MSS satellites)
▪ With the issuance of the FCC Order, 
Ligado has ATC authorization for the 
following sub -bands: 1526 -1536 MHz 
(Lower Downlink); 1627.5 -1637.5 MHz 
(Lower Uplink); and 1646.5 -1656.5 MHz 
(Upper Uplink). 
▪ In addition, Ligado has access to 5 MHz 
of spectrum licensed for terrestrial use 
in the 1670 -1675 MHz spectrum band 
pursuant to the One Dot Six Lease (as 
defined below)AST  
ANNOUNCEMENTLIGADO 
BACKGROUNDTECHNICAL    
ANALYSISDEAL DETAILS


--- Page 151 ---
151LIGADO BACKGROUND
AST  
ANNOUNCEMENTLIGADO 
BACKGROUNDTECHNICAL    
ANALYSISDEAL DETAILS▪ Ligado initially launched in 2010 under the name LightSquared. It planned to build a 
4G LTE network with its L -band spectrum holdings that it would resell to other 
companies. However, that plan fell apart after the FCC ruled that the proposed 
network would interfere with GPS signals
▪ Ligado had been trying to use frequencies previously reserved for multi -purpose 
satellite services (“MSS”) and deploy it for terrestrial use under ATC rules (Ancillary 
Terrestrial Component).  L -band had been traditionally reserved for MSS, but the 
untapped value and potential for terrestrial use was a large source of potential 
value for companies like Ligado.  Ligado had sought terrestrial rights, in addition to 
satellite services, to expand the economic potential of its spectrum 
▪ The company fell into bankruptcy after its ability to use its spectrum for terrestrial 
use was challenged – but Ligado arose from LightSquared's ashes in 2015 with a 
plan to build a 5G network using that same L -band spectrum, this time focusing on 
the Internet of Things (IoT). Importantly, the company managed to score approvals 
from the FCC for its plan
▪ On the back of its 2020 FCC approvals, Ligado was able to raise $4BN in new debt 
and convert $6BN of existing debt into equity
▪ In 2020, Ligado claims the DoD started a campaign to revive concerns around the 5G 
system’s interference with GPS systems.  The conflict with the DoD prevented 
Ligado from signing up any customers and effectively killed the company’s plan to 
use its spectrum, forcing the company into its current bankruptcy 
▪ In 2023, Ligado filed a lawsuit against the U.S. Government for the unlawful seizure 
of its FCC spectrum.  Ligado claims the U.S. Government has been using Ligado’s 
spectrum for undisclosed systems.  A lawsuit contends that the DoD is utilizing the 
entirety of Ligado’s spectrum and are needed on a permanent basis1
1  https://ligado.com/wp -content/uploads/Ligado -Takings -Complaint.pdf

--- Page 152 ---
152LIGADO BACKGROUND
▪ The DoD dispute with Ligado is set to come to a head through litigation but 
also Congressional disclosure 
▪ The Senate Armed Services Committee has demanded the DoD detail which 
of its systems operate on Ligado’s frequencies
▪ Ligado contends the DoD has been utilizing the spectrum for GPS satellites 
as well as classified radars
▪ Thus far, Ligado’s Takings Lawsuit has survived motions to dismiss and will 
continue to work its way through the judicial process
▪ Interestingly, the original owner of the spectrum, Inmarsat, had entered 
into numerous agreements with the US government for use of the 
spectrum. For example, Inmarsat entered agreements prior to 2020 for 
$700 million in services to the government, including for the Navy.  And in 
2022, Inmarsat entered into a $578 million contract with the military, a 
$980 million contract with the Navy and a $410 million contract with the 
Army.  These uses of the spectrum were in conflict with Ligado’s attempt to 
use the spectrum with terrestrial towers, which would (or claimed would) 
cause harmful interference
▪ Separately, the dollar value of Inmarsat’s government contracts highlight 
the significant revenue opportunity in front of ASTS when considering future 
government programs that can be served with the Ligado spectrumAST  
ANNOUNCEMENTLIGADO 
BACKGROUNDTECHNICAL    
ANALYSISDEAL DETAILS

--- Page 153 ---
153TECHNICAL DETAILS
▪ L-band signals (1 -2 GHz) are ideal for D2D satellite communications because 
they travel longer distances with less power, penetrate obstacles like 
buildings and trees better than higher -frequency bands (e.g., Ku or Ka 
bands). These characteristics make L -band spectrum perfect for seamless 
connectivity with unmodified devices.
▪ Many existing mobile devices, such as smartphones and IoT devices, are 
already equipped with chipsets that support L -band frequencies because the 
L-band is widely used for satellite -based positioning services like GPS, 
Galileo, and GLONASS.  These chipsets use L -band frequencies for navigation 
signals, making them inherently compatible with the L -band spectrum for 
certain satellite applications.AST  
ANNOUNCEMENTLIGADO 
BACKGROUNDTECHNICAL 
ANALYSISDEAL DETAILS

--- Page 154 ---
154FINANCING
▪ On July 18, 2025, ASTS announced its $550MM financing for the 
Ligado deal.  The borrower is Spectrum USA I, LLC, which is a non -
recourse borrower.  The lender is Sound Point Capital.  The loan is 
structured as a delayed draw term loan that is available until late 
2026.  The interest rate is SOFR + 8%
▪ Prior to funding, ASTS will have received a final order from the FCC 
with no competing licenses granted and other regulatory approvals 
free of adverse conditions
▪ As a bridge, ASTS raised a loan that is fully backstopped by Ligado 
and its lenders in order to prepay the obligations to InmarsatAST  
ANNOUNCEMENTLIGADO 
BACKGROUNDTECHNICAL 
ANALYSISDEAL DETAILS


--- Page 155 ---
155CONSIDERATION
▪ The deal consideration consists of shares, cash, lease payments, and 
a revenue royalty.  While difficult to put a precise value on the total 
consideration, rough estimates can be made
▪ The royalty is completely contingent, but shown at a level 
commensurate with significant upside to ASTS equity; if the ASTS 
investment thesis is correct, the royalty payments to Ligado will be 
substantial 
▪ Importantly, the cash payments to Ligado are done on a non -
recourse basis AST  
ANNOUNCEMENTLIGADO 
BACKGROUNDTECHNICAL 
ANALYSISDEAL DETAILS


--- Page 156 ---
156PROTECTION
▪ The ongoing litigation between Ligado and the US 
Government represents a risk to the extent, for reasons 
that were not highlighted during the bankruptcy, 
prevent ASTS from feasibly using the Ligado spectrum
▪ ASTS is provided with a long -dated protection for 
monies spent if the resolution to the Takings Litigation 
adversely impacts ASTS’s use of the spectrumAST  
ANNOUNCEMENTLIGADO 
BACKGROUNDTECHNICAL 
ANALYSISDEAL DETAILS


--- Page 157 ---
157FCC APPLICATION
▪ On December 8, 2025, Ligado filed an application with 
the FCC for a modification of the current Ligado L -band 
license
▪ The application states the system, called the SkyTerra 
Next system, will be deployed on 96 satellites at 690 km 
at an inclination of 530
  AST  
ANNOUNCEMENTLIGADO 
BACKGROUNDTECHNICAL 
ANALYSISDEAL DETAILS


--- Page 158 ---
LIGADO 
REVENUE 
POTENTIAL
▪ Spectrum has value because it 
enables mobile services.  While 
highly theoretical, it is possible to 
put some numbers against the 
monetization potential of a 
spectrum package
▪ A litmus check against the 
calculations is provided by way of 
the annual revenue generated by 
the MNOs relative to their 
spectrum
158▪ASTS has access to 45 MHz of 
Ligado spectrum
▪Spectral efficiency is the data 
rate per unit of bandwidth 
(bps/Hz). ASTS has reached 
levels of 4 to date
▪In satellite systems, spectrum is 
reused across multiple beams. 
ASTS's BlueBird satellites support 
up to 10 GHz of processing 
bandwidth per satellite, meaning 
the effective bandwidth across 
all beams is 10 GHz. With 45 
MHz available, the reuse factor is 
10 GHz / 0.045 GHz ≈ 222
▪Networks rarely run at 100% 
capacity; assume 50% average 
utilization (accounting for 
peak/off -peak, coverage gaps, 
and demand)
▪US mobile market effective 
revenue is ~$3/GB (based on 
~$300B annual service revenue / 
~100 billion GB used). Given 
ASTS is an ultra premium service, 
the actual pricing is expected to 
be very high (higher than the 
$20/GB high assumption).  This is 
gross, prior to revenue share 
with MNOs


--- Page 159 ---
INMARSAT MEDIATION DISPUTE▪ Important details about ASTS’s future intent 
around global spectrum acquisition was 
revealed in a dispute over a confidential 
mediation between Ligado and Inmarsat
▪ Inmarsat had tried to impose a permanent 
global ban on ASTS acquiring global L -band 
rights.  That ban was revised to be a narrow 
first filing limitation. Inmarsat’s early 
language said the NGSO system “will operate 
in L-Band only in North America” (no time 
limit). The final text limits that constraint 
“solely with respect to the initial FCC and 
ISED applications.”
▪ ASTS preserved the right to request other 
MSS bands outside L -band immediately
▪ ASTS fought against a global L -band lock out 
and kept open the possibility of future L -
band activity beyond North America
▪ The court ultimately ruled for the parties to 
keep the language agreed upon and if a 
further dispute emerges, litigate it at that 
time.  It was clear that ASTS did not and 
would refuse to provide an effective non -
compete in favor of Inmarsat in areas 
outside of North America
159


--- Page 160 ---
160SPACEX SPECTRUM 
PURCHASE SEPTEMBER 2025SPACEX PURCHASE OF ECHOSTAR SPECTRUM
▪On September 8, 2025, EchoStar announced the sale of its full portfolio of AWS -4 
and H -block spectrum licenses to SpaceX for approximately $17 billion. This 
acquisition aims to enhance SpaceX's Starlink satellite network, particularly for 
direct -to-cellphone broadband services without requiring phone modifications. The 
spectrum totals 50 MHz in the 2 GHz band, providing mid -band capacity for 
improved coverage and data speeds in satellite communications
▪The deal is valued at $17 billion, split evenly between cash and equity: up to $8.5 
billion in cash and up to $8.5 billion in SpaceX stock. Additionally, the definitive 
agreement provides for SpaceX to fund an aggregate of approximately $2 billion of 
cash interest payments payable on EchoStar debt through November of 2027
▪Frequency Bands:  AWS -4: 2000 -2020 MHz (uplink) paired with 2180 -2200 MHz 
(downlink), providing 40 MHz of paired spectrum.  H -block (PCS H -block): 1915 -1920 
MHz paired with 1995 -2000 MHz, adding 10 MHz of paired spectrum.  Total 
Bandwidth: 50 MHz in the 2 GHz mid -band range.
▪Interference Risks: AWS -4 was originally allocated for Mobile Satellite Service (MSS), 
so it may face adjacency issues with nearby bands used by federal systems or other 
operators.  Power and Range Constraints: At 2 GHz, signals experience moderate 
attenuation, limiting range compared to lower bands, though this is mitigated by 
satellite density
▪SpaceX will need to build new satellites, as its current satellites cannot support the 
spectrum.  SpaceX will also need to work with handset manufacturers to incorporate 
the spectrum into chips
▪Importantly, the spectrum purchase puts SpaceX in a position that is directly 
competitive with the MNOs.  While ASTS has taken a distinctly “carrier neutral” 
approach, SpaceX has publicly stated the possibility that it will compete with MNOs 
by offering a DTC cell phone serviceSPACEX (AWS -4 & 
H-BLOCK)ASTS/LIGADO 
SPECTRUM (L -BAND)
Frequency Bands1915 -1920 MHz, 1995 -2020 MHz, 
2180 -2200 MHz (2 GHz mid -band)1525 -1559 MHz, 1627.5 -1660.5 MHz (1.5 -1.6 
GHz lower mid -band)
Bandwidth 50 MHz paired Up to 45 MHz
Quality/PropagationGood capacity; moderate 
coverage (higher frequency 
means more attenuation)Superior coverage (lower frequency 
penetrates better); ideal for wide -area 
satellite links
LimitationsPotential adjacency interference; 
FDD pairing adds device 
complexitySevere GPS interference concerns delayed 
deployment; bankruptcy -related 
uncertainties
Deal StructureOutright purchase for $17B (cash + 
stock) + $2B of debt supportLease/access deal: $550M initial payment + 
$80M annual + $113M warrants
Operational IssuesNeeds new satellite launches, 
chipset integrations; FCC mods for 
NGSO useRequires FCC application
Timelines Acquisition 2025; rollout 2027+ Midband satellite deployment
Strategic FitEnhances Starlink's high -density 
constellation for urban/rural 
broadbandBoosts ASTS's low -Earth -orbit array for global 
cellular; less bandwidth but better for sparse 
areas

--- Page 161 ---
DEAL OVERVIEW PRIORITY RIGHTS IMPLICATIONS
▪ On August 5, 2025, ASTS entered 
an agreement to acquire 100% of 
EllioSat Ltd., which has 
International Telecommunication 
Union (ITU) priority rights for S -
Band Mobile Satellite Services 
(MSS) spectrum. The deal, valued 
at up to $64.5 million, aims to 
secure global spectrum priority 
for ASTS's LEO satellite 
constellation▪ Under the ITU Radio Regulations, 
satellite operators file advance 
publication information (API) for 
their networks, followed by 
coordination with potentially 
affected parties to prevent 
harmful interference. This is a 
"first -come, first -served" process: 
earlier filers gain seniority, 
requiring later applicants to 
coordinate around them▪ The ITU coordination rights 
provide ASTS with global priority 
for S -Band Mobile Satellite 
Services (MSS) spectrum (1980 -
2010 MHz uplink and 2170 -2200 
MHz downlink). These rights 
grant precedence in international 
coordination processes, meaning 
ASTS can assert priority over later 
filers to avoid interference in 
satellite operations worldwide
161ITU PRIORITY 
RIGHTS
▪ As highlighted in the Ligado 
adversary proceeding with 
Inmarsat, ASTS has ambitions to 
consolidate spectrum on a global 
basis.  The August 5, 2025 deal to 
acquire ITU priority rights will 
help ASTS acquire and 
commercialize spectrum on a 
global basis

--- Page 162 ---
ASIC CHIP AI SPECTRUM ENGINE
▪ ASTS intends to integrate its 
AST5000 custom ASIC chip into 
satellites from Q1 2026
▪ Such capabilities are designed to 
support 40 MHz -capable beams, 
enabling back data transmission 
speeds up to 120 Mbps for voice, 
data, and video applications, 
promising a 10 × increase in 
capacity from initial Block 2 
BlueBirds that still feature FPGAs▪ ASTS believes it can gain an 
additional 2 -3x the effective 
spectrum capacity with its AI 
engine that is under 
development, which can 
dynamically manage spectrum 
and power allocation across the 
network to generate more 
bandwidth
162AI SPECTRUM 
ENGINE
▪ On its Q3 2025 earnings call, 
ASTS disclosed its AI spectrum 
engine

--- Page 163 ---
MARKET 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 164 ---
MARKET OPPORTUNITY▪The dream of direct satellite to phone connectivity has existed since the 
first telecommunication satellites were launched in the 1960s
▪However, there has been widespread skepticism around technical 
feasibility
▪With ASTS’ successful tests and Apple’s incorporation of basic 
emergency services into its newest devices, investors have moved to 
debate the market opportunity of D2D services
▪Wall Street analysts have pegged industry potential revenues of up to 
$30BN by 2032
▪Industry consultant NSR pegs the market at $27BN by 2031
▪Demand for mobile services has been famously understated, notably 
when AT&T commissioned McKinsey in the 1980s to estimate cell 
phone demand.  McKinsey’s 900,000 -unit total market caused AT&T to 
abandon its efforts in the market
▪A bottom’s up estimate starts with the 5.5BN mobile phones currently 
used in the world, of which 4.4BN are mobile internet users.  The 
broader mobile industry generates over $1TN in service revenues 
annually
▪For ASTS, the opportunity starts by the fact that current mobile 
networks cover just 25% of earth’s land mass and just 10% when 
including seas
▪At any given moment, over 750MM people are outside of network 
coverage as they move outside range and 5% of the global population, 
or 400MM people, live outside of network range
▪Separately, over 50% of the world’s population is currently unconnected 
to mobile or fixed internet.  Low cost D2D service is more practical than 
expensive fixed broadband services such as Starlink 164
1965 - INTELSAT 1, NICKNAMED “EARLY BIRD”
Carried First Commercial Phone Call between 
America & Europe
2024 – BLUEBIRD BLOCK 1
First Commercial D2D satellite

--- Page 165 ---
ASTS MARKET OPPORTUNITIES
CONSUMER
MILITARY
GOVERNMENT
COMMERCIAL▪The consumer opportunity is large and immediate.  Through its MNO 
partners, ASTS will provide access to the Spacemobile network with day 
passes as well as monthly subscription packages
▪The service will be a premium offering
▪Military opportunities have already been demonstrated by Omnispace 
and the U.S. Navy.  The importance of Starlink in the Ukraine war 
highlights the value of space -based communication systems
▪There are many possible military use cases for ASTS and ASTS has 
already been awarded initial contracts
▪Government / First Responder applications are likely to be the initial 
use cases of ASTS’ technology
▪As evidenced by recent disasters in Maui, Texas, and elsewhere, the 
provisioning of mobile services in times of need are paramount for 
savings lives
▪Commercial applications will include IoT, which will have uncountable 
opportunities to leverage D2C technology for tracking, agriculture, 
smart grids, and other applications
165

--- Page 166 ---
CONSUMER
166CONSUMER MARKET
MILITARY GOVERNMENT COMMERCIAL▪ Early previews from ASTS’ MNO 
partners show how the 
Spacemobile service will be made 
available and marketed to 
consumers
▪ In a departure from prior 
attempts to offer mobile satellite 
connectivity with specialized 
devices, the Spacemobile service 
will be marketed to consumers as 
a premium plan add -on, notably, 
without the need for a 
specialized handset
▪ The service is expected to be 
offered as a day -pass when 
consumers are out of range, or as 
a monthly always -on feature 
included in premium plans


--- Page 167 ---
167MILITARY MARKET
▪ From ASTS’s early days, the Company has 
referred and directly marketed to the 
military.  In an interview from 2020, Avellan 
noted:
▪The company has said it is developing 
a "mechanical deployment system" 
that will enable on -orbit extension of 
arrays to produce "ultra -high -power 
generation" of 100kW, or more
▪In September, at the EngageSpace 
showcase for the US Air Force, the 
company said its satellites would 
create enough power on orbit "to fully 
illuminate cell phones on the ground 
or other applications such as SARS, 
jamming and intercept, tactical early 
warning missile defense and any other 
high -power requirement“
▪ The military has increasingly taken note of 
the benefits from partnering with nimble 
companies that have based their 
technology on consumer market demands, 
yet have the ability to offer low -cost, low -
lead time military solutions.  Starlink has 
been a prime example of the cross -over 
between systems built for consumers that 
have found large military applicationsCONSUMER MILITARY GOVERNMENT COMMERCIAL


--- Page 168 ---
168GOVERNMENT MARKET
▪ ASTS is well -positioned to win government work, especially as it 
relates to first responder services and emergency recovery services
▪ AT&T has made repeated public references to its intention to use 
ASTS in its FirstNet network.  Recent FCC filings have shown that 
ASTS is testing with FirstNet and has a contract
▪ Just in the U.S., FirstNet spends hundreds of million of dollars of 
year for its network.  It is expected government business for ASTS 
will extend into many other countries and provide a baseload of 
consistent revenues
▪ Other national security, civil protection, and government research 
uses provide a large set of potential customers for ASTS
▪ Contract opportunities can be substantial.  For example, Iridium has 
a $100MM+ per year U.S. Government contract
▪ ASTS has noted its large phased -array antenna creates significant 
opportunities for new mission -critical capabilities in the 
government sector
▪ ASTS’s JV with Vodafone for a European satellite operator has 
already revealed an intent to create a FirstNet service for Europe
▪ ASTS showed its global potential with its May 28, 2025 partnership 
with Singapore’s Defense Science & Technology AgencyCOMMERCIAL MILITARY GOVERNMENT COMMERCIAL


--- Page 169 ---
169COMMERCIAL MARKET
▪ The B2B commercial market for ASTS is particularly 
interesting given the explosion in demand for IoT 
devices and burgeoning use cases for AI -enabled 
devices
▪ Assets of all types transit areas without network 
coverage and will benefit from connectivity with a 
standard unmodified modem
▪ Iridium, which provides an expensive, low 
bandwidth solution, highlights the enormous 
market potential for connected devices
▪ The aviation, maritime, and industrial markets are 
also extremely large and growing.  ASTS will be able 
to target these verticals with industry -leading 
speed capabilities without the high -cost upfront 
terminal CAPEX
▪ ASTS’ immediate market opportunity is simply 
cannibalizing the current revenue base of Iridium, 
Globalstar, and others.  Because of ASTS’ low cost 
and compatibility with unmodified handsets, the 
Company should be able to dramatically grow the 
market
▪ Importantly, for enterprise drone fleets, a D2D 
connection could guarantee positive control, which 
would bolster FAA support of drone CONSUMER MILITARY GOVERNMENT COMMERCIAL


--- Page 170 ---
DISASTER RECOVERY 
USE CASE
2017 PUERTO RICO 
HURRICANE2023 MAUI FIRE2021 NASHVILLE 
BOMBING
▪ This hurricane severely impacted Puerto 
Rico's communication infrastructure, 
with nearly 95% of cell towers out of 
service in the immediate aftermath
▪ The restoration of communication was 
slow, significantly affecting relief efforts 
▪ Satellite -based communication could 
have been a vital alternative in such a 
situation, ensuring continuous 
connectivity▪ The 2023 Maui Fire disrupted cellular 
and landline services, leaving many 
residents and emergency responders 
without the means to communicate 
effectively
▪ AST Spacemobile could have been 
incredibly valuable to enable effective 
coordination among fire -fighting teams, 
evacuation efforts, and allowing 
residents to stay informed and 
connected with their families▪ The 2021 Nashville Bombing caused 
significant damage to a major 
telecommunication hub, resulting in 
widespread communication outages 
across Nashville and parts of 
neighboring states
▪ A satellite communication system like 
AST Spacemobile could have played a 
critical role. Such a system could have 
provided an immediate and secure 
alternative communication network
1702010 HAITI EARTHQUAKE2005 HURRICANE 
KATRINA2011 JAPANESE 
TSUNAMI
▪ The 7.0 earthquake caused massive 
destruction to Haiti's communication 
systems. The damage to cell towers and 
landlines severely hampered rescue 
operations and coordination
▪ A satellite -based system like AST 
Spacemobile could have provided 
critical communication links for 
emergency services and disaster relief 
efforts▪ One of the most devastating hurricanes 
in the history of the United States, 
Katrina led to widespread destruction in 
New Orleans and surrounding areas, 
including the collapse of the local 
communication infrastructure
▪ ASTS’s service could have been 
instrumental in rescue operations in the 
immediate aftermath when terrestrial 
systems were non -functional▪ This disaster not only caused immense 
physical destruction but also disrupted 
communication networks across Japan.  
In the wake of the earthquake and 
tsunami, many areas were cut off from 
traditional communication methods
▪ A satellite -based system would have 
been crucial in maintaining 
communication for emergency 
responders and affected populations
ASTS OFFERS 
CRITICAL 
PROTECTION OF 
COMMUNICATION 
FAILURES IN TIMES OF 
NEED

--- Page 171 ---
RAKUTEN 
DESCRIPTION 
OF 
OPPORTUNITY
▪ Rakuten has 9MM subs in Japan 
and is a distant player in the 
market, but looks to close its 
coverage gap and value 
proposition by utilizing ASTS
171
▪While Rakuten has 99.9% population coverage, it only 
has 70% geographic coverage▪The in -flight opportunity is expansive, and mirrors 
recent developments by AT&T and American Airlines
▪In addition to back -up coverage, the IoT capabilities 
help detect natural disasters at an early stage, 
preventing damage
▪Certain communities, such as fishing communities, are 
not presentl y served and will be an expanding business 

--- Page 172 ---
TAM SANITY CHECK:  RECREATIONAL MARKETS
U.S. RECREATIONAL 
BOAT MARKET RV MARKET CAMPING HUNTING
•Mobile coverage can 
quickly be an issue when 
on boats, especially 
offshore.  While many 
lakes have mobile 
coverage, the total 
number of boat owners 
in just the U.S. is a 
staggering market
•In total, there are 
around 17 million 
recreational boats, with 
13 million registered 
and 4 million 
unregistered, currently 
in use in the U.S.
•10% penetration at 
$100/yr ARPU equates 
to $170MM per year in 
a hypothetical market 
assessment for ASTS•Approximately 40MM 
Americans go RV’ing 
regularly, with ~11MM 
households owning an 
RV and 1MM Americans 
who live in an RV full 
time
•Using the same 10% 
penetration figure, the 
simple market 
opportunity in the U.S. 
alone equates to 
$110MM annually•In 2018, a record 80MM 
households went 
camping in the U.S., 
which supports a $52BN 
market
•If each household, with 
a 10% penetration rate, 
uses just one $10 day 
pass, the annual 
revenue opportunity 
would equate to 
$80MM•Approximately 14.4 
million people hunted in 
the U.S. in 2022
•This cohort is likely to 
value connectivity in 
rural areas
•Assuming half a year of 
monthly usage at $10 
per month, a 10% 
penetration rate of this 
market would yield 
$70MM per year
172

--- Page 173 ---
WHY NOW?
COST 
ENABLEMENT
▪ The development of a 
competitive, private launch 
market has resulted in a dramatic 
reduction in launch costs over the 
past decade
▪ Reduced launch cost has lowered 
the cost barrier to providing 
economic service from large, 
heavy satellites such as those 
developed by ASTS
173
LAUNCH COST DECLINES▪The “Why Now?” question for ASTS can in part be answered by the dramatic decline in launch costs experienced in 
the market over the past decade  
▪Because of prohibitive launch costs, telecoms previously had weight constrains on their projects, which pushed the 
need for much larger and specialized ground terminals.  For example, the Iridium constellation of the 1990s had 
satellites that weighed ~700 kg.  The Iridium constellation incurred a cost of roughly $50MM per satellite.  The 66 -
satellite constellation incurred a cost of launch of $3.3BN out of a total constellation cost of roughly $5BN.  
▪Due to the significant decline in launch costs, ASTS was able to put the necessary link budget in orbit via a large 
phased array instead of using a custom ground terminal (handset) with a large antenna 

--- Page 174 ---
WHY NOW?
DEVICE 
AVAILABILITY
▪ The global demand for mobile 
broadband is exploding as 
devices become more affordable
▪ The driver of cheap availability 
devices is important, but so to is 
ASTS’ key technology strategy of 
enabling its service on 
unmodified devices .  Legacy 
satellite strategies required 
dedicated high -cost satellite 
phones.  ASTS works with cheap, 
everyday devices
174AVAILABILITY▪The “Why Now?” question for demand is driven on a global basis by the increased availability of high -capability, 
low-cost smart phones
▪Developing countries are now able to benefit from devices that offer similar functionality to advanced devices in 
developed countries
▪With the availability of devices will come the need for network connectivity
▪However, many developing countries have the same issues faced in the U.S. around dispersed populations and the 
difficulty of economically building -out terrestrial wireless infrastructure (towers)

--- Page 175 ---
LARGE AND 
DYNAMIC MARKET 
OPPORTUNITY
UNCOVERED AREASGOVERNMENT / FIRST 
RESPONSEEMERGING USES
▪ The existing mobile subscriber 
market consists of 5.5BN users, 
whereupon many users traverse 
areas without coverage and many 
rural areas are left poorly served
▪ Some estimates suggest only 30% 
of the Earth’s land mass has cell 
coverage while roughly 1/3 of the 
population does not have access 
to the internet▪ Government use for non -
terrestrial systems include 
disaster relief, military, and first 
response use cases
▪ FirstNet, the first responder 
network, already has a $6.4BN 
balance sheet for U.S. first 
responders, highlighting just a 
portion of the global opportunity 
for emergency networks▪ With the rapid adoption of IoT 
and more recent advances in AI, 
the need for connectivity is only 
set to increase
▪ Low-cost satellite connectivity 
should be an enabling technology 
that drives further adoption for 
use cases that will emerge
▪ ASTS also provides non -
communication use cases
175

--- Page 176 ---
SERICEABLE VS. 
TOTAL 
ADDRESSABLE 
MARKET
▪ The Serviceable vs. Total market 
is shown in the chart to the right.  
ASTS already has agreements 
with a large portion of MNOs that 
are serviceable, since providers in 
China will be off limits
▪ The market evident today is likely 
to grow substantially, for 
example, with IoT, once low -cost 
service is made available to spur 
new use cases
176


--- Page 177 ---
WHY WILL ASTS 
GET MARKET 
SHARE?
▪ Aside from the new markets that 
ASTS is opening with respect to 
D2D service to unmodified 
devices, ASTS is poised to take 
significant market share in 
commercial markets against 
incumbents such as Iridium 
because it will offer a faster, 
smaller, and cheaper service
177
IRIDIUM ANALYST DAY 2023
PRODUCT IRIDIUM HAS GAINED SHARE WITH
▪ ~$8,000 upfront cost with 1GB of data per 
month priced at $1,220 per month
▪ Speeds of 0.7 / 0.35 Mbps down / upload
ASTS SUBSTITUTE
▪ A functional device could cost just dollars.  
Service price TBD, and could price relative to 
value, not cost.  Speeds of up to 14 Mbps

--- Page 178 ---
TOTAL MARKET SIZE▪ While a precise estimate of the 
market is bound to be wildly 
inaccurate, the initial proxies for 
conservative estimates of a 
market can be found simply by 
looking at the revenues of other 
mobile satellite operators  
▪ Iridium, for example, generates 
significant revenue from its high -
cost satellite phones and low -
bandwidth satellite terminals
▪ The aviation satellite market is 
enormous and there is 
burgeoning demand for satellite -
based IoT
▪ The safe assumption is that a 
low-cost, no upfront CAPEX, high 
bandwidth system such as ASTS’s 
will compete well in the market 
and more likely than not, 
dramatically expand  the overall 
market size
▪ ASTS is targeting an existing 
installed base of nearly 7BN 
unmodified cell phones, not 
considering the high -value B2B 
opportunities relating to 
government, military, emergency 
services, IoT, and commercial 
applications
178


--- Page 179 ---
MOBILE SERVICES 
MARKET
MASSIVE MARKET CAPITAL INTENSIVE NEED FOR INNOVATION
▪ In 2021, mobile technologies and 
services generated $4.5 trillion of 
economic value added, or 5% of 
GDP, globally with operator 
revenue reaching over $1 trillion 
in 2025
▪ Demand for connectivity is set to 
increase further due to IoT, AI, 
and general consumer 
expectations around always 
having access to data services▪ Mobile operators are facing a 
capex investment requirement of 
over $600 billion worldwide 
between 2022 and 2025, roughly 
85% of which will be in 5G 
networks
▪ The U.S. alone has 418,887 cell 
sites, each costing $100,000 - 
$300,000.  AMT, for example, 
spends about $300,000 per tower 
in the U.S.▪ Changing needs and consumer 
expectations, ranging from AI/IOT 
applications to consumer’s desire 
to be connected anywhere are 
driving the opportunity for 
satellite players to bring new 
solutions to market
▪ Bringing coverage to emerging 
markets also requires innovation 
given the high capital costs of 
terrestrial networks179


--- Page 180 ---
TERRESTRIAL WIRELESS TOWER MARKET▪ Mobile services are currently facilitated through 
terrestrial towers.  A tower facilitates MNO 
equipment such as antenna arrays.  In the U.S., 3rd 
party tower companies such as America Tower own 
the tower real estate and host MNO tenants, such as 
AT&T, who provide the antennas and base station 
equipment
▪ Tower companies are real -estate owners and earn 
long -term, recurring revenues for hosting MNO 
equipment
▪ A tower in the U.S. costs roughly $300,000 and is 
leased to the MNO for roughly $20,000 per year
▪ Towers in LATAM cost $85,000 - $170,000, Africa 
$60,000 - $120,000, Asia $20,000 - $30,000, and 
Europe $90,000 - $165,000.  International economics 
are far more attractive than in the U.S. due to lower 
costs and less competition 
▪ MNO’s face the challenge that as consumer 
expectation around latency and speed increase, 
tower density must increase due to the propagation 
characteristics of spectrum.  At the same time, 
roughly 84% of the U.S. population lives outside of 
easily -served dense urban and urban environments
▪ The quest to provide ubiquitous coverage comes at a 
diminishing return on investment, which paves the 
way for a highly scalable solution such a LEO satellite 
to provide supplemental coverage
▪ Terrestrial networks are also susceptible to natural 
disasters, war, etc..  In those periods of time, a 
satellite -based system can prove invaluable
180


--- Page 181 ---
MNO COPPER REPLACEMENT▪ AT&T aims to replace the majority of its copper 
landlines by 2029 with wireless solutions
▪ AT&T is looking to decommission its legacy copper 
network, on which it spends over $6bn per year.  
The value of the copper alone is $7bn, which 
represents a windfall for MNOs if they are able to 
transition users off these networks
▪ The AT&T Phone -Advanced (AP -A) device 
leverages AT&T's mobile network or home 
broadband.  The small white receiver is similar to 
a Wi -Fi router with two antennas and a phone jack 
for a customer’s existing home phone to plug into.  
The device runs on AT&T’s mobile network, but it 
can also tap into a home broadband connection 
via an Ethernet cable.  It is compatible with fax, 
security, and medical systems and offers 
enhanced 911 location accuracy and spam filtering
▪ One hurdle is getting regulator approval given the 
perception of high reliability in disasters of the 
legacy systems.  Reason stands that satellite -
based systems could address those reliability 
concerns since they will not be subject to tower 
battery outages and damage
▪ Customers are being approached with alternative 
systems that utilize AT&T’s wireless technologies, 
including AST Spacemobile where the wireless 
signal is not strong enough
▪ The FCC has made recent moves to simplify the 
copper retirement process
181


--- Page 182 ---
MNO ROAMING REPLACEMENT▪ MNOs also stand to save significant money by 
substituting current third -party roaming 
arrangements to support their networks as users 
go in and out of coverage areas (in -country) with 
ASTS
▪ For example, it is estimated that AT&T pays 
~$200MM each year to third -party network 
partners, money it can recapture by utilizing the 
ASTS network
182


--- Page 183 ---
D2D SATELLITE 
MARKET 
OPPORTUNITY
COVERAGE GAPS DEVELOPING MARKETS OCEAN / AIR COVERAGE
▪ While 4G service has been well 
developed, for example with 
AT&T covering over 97% of the 
population, over 84% of the road 
miles, and over 64% of the land 
area with 4G LTE, the figures drop 
off with 5G coverage ; AT&T 
covers just 80% of the 
population, 45% of roads, and 
27% of area with 5G▪ While 20% of the U.S. is 
unreachable by traditional 
wireless networks, that 
percentage can be much higher in 
other countries, particularly in 
developing regions
▪ Developing markets are quickly 
growing and demand 5G 
connectivity▪ Satellite connectivity will also 
address coverage on oceans and 
seas, as well as connectivity while 
in flight
▪ Recreational and industrial use 
cases create significant demand 
for D2D services
183


--- Page 184 ---
BROADBAND IN 
THE U.S.
▪ The FCC estimates that as of 
December 22, there are over 
14MM broadband serviceable  
locations that lack mobile 5G 
coverage at speed thresholds of 
7/1 Mbps in an in -vehicle 
environment
184


--- Page 185 ---
4G LTE VS. 5G 
COVERAGE
▪ Mobile service coverage varies 
significantly by type of network 
coverage
▪ For example, while AT&T has 4G 
coverage of roughly 85% of U.S. 
road miles, coverage declines to 
just 45% for 5G coverage
▪ Network coverage varies 
significantly by MNO, which 
highlights the relative advantage 
to those deploying D2C 
185


--- Page 186 ---
RURAL VS. 
URBAN 
COVERAGE 
GAPS
▪ A rural county is defined as 100 
people per square mile or less.  
59MM or ~18% of the U.S. 
population is considered rural 
and comprise 84% of the 
geographic area of the U.S.
▪ As shown by the FCC in the chart, 
5G coverage is sparse in rural 
areas of the U.S., which is the 
basis for federal subsidies to 
reduce the inherent inequity 
created by lack of connectivity186


--- Page 187 ---
VIASAT MARKET 
STUDY
▪ ViaSat found that 14% of people 
have inconsistent service or lack 
of coverage at home
▪ However, poor connectivity isn’t 
limited to emerging or less 
developed markets. In fact, 
France (26%) and the U.S. (23%) 
record the highest share of users 
who were unable to use SMS or 
text services at least five times in 
the month before they were 
surveyed 187


--- Page 188 ---
PERSISTENT 
GAPS
▪ The actual lack of connectivity 
needs to be put in context 
against perceived lack of 
connectivity, and the value 
consumers place on certainty.  
While most people have 
significant issues in a given 
month, the uncertainty of when 
you will have an issue is expected 
to drive a high propensity to pay
188


--- Page 189 ---
STRONG 
INTEREST
▪ There is strong consumer interest 
in seamless satellite connectivity.  
Apple and other providers of 
emergency satellite services 
drove awareness, setting the 
stage for a “killer app” such as 
ASTS’ broadband service to get 
rapid acceptance
189


--- Page 190 ---
PROPENSITY TO 
PAY
▪ There is strong consumer interest 
in seamless satellite connectivity.  
Apple and other provides of 
emergency satellite services 
drove awareness, setting the 
stage for a “killer app” such as 
ASTS’ broadband service to get 
rapid acceptance
▪ With a market initially segmented 
due to supply constraints, initial 
ARPU uplifts should be higher 
than the average survey result190


--- Page 191 ---
MNO 
PERSPECTIVE
▪ Aside from ARPU generation, the 
MNOs care about reducing churn 
and winning subscribers from 
competitors 
▪ As shown, consumers would 
consider switching over the SCS 
feature, especially in the 
developing world 
191


--- Page 192 ---
EXAMPLE:
AVIATION 
MARKET
▪ Incumbent satellite connectivity 
providers have large aviation 
businesses.  Those services 
require large upfront CAPEX 
investments for terminals 
▪ 30% of travelers explicitly look for 
Wi-Fi connectivity when booking 
a flight and nearly 100% of 
people view service as a benefit
▪ The global in -flight Wi -Fi market 
was $8BN in 2022
192MARKET OVERVIEW▪ The aviation market is a large, growing market that should be immediately accessible to ASTS.  As shown below, 
the uptake for players such as ViaSat has been strong and generated a large contribution to revenue
▪ Best -in-class incumbent, Intelsat, offers speeds of up to 15/2 Mbps for planes equipped with its large satellite 
array.  A simple system costs $100,000 -250,000, excluding the 600 person -hours of installation time or the 
router.  A Starlink antenna costs $150,000 with monthly service costs of $25,000
▪ Most airlines charge customers ~$10 for a flight, although some airlines are starting to offer the service for free
▪ Currently, there are two approaches to provide service:  air -to-ground (“ATG”) where an aircraft catches a signal 
from a terrestrial tower.  Intelsat launched its ATG service in 2008.  However, service is intermittent over rural 
areas and maximum speed is 5 Mbps (shared by all the passengers).  Satellite -based service is less susceptible to 
interruptions.  Providers include Intelsat, ViaSat, and Starlink.  These systems can achieve speeds of 100 Mbps 
per aircraft or around 15 Mbps per passenger
EX.  VIASAT AIRCRAFT

--- Page 193 ---
EXAMPLE:
IoT
▪ As demonstrated by Iridium and 
Globarstar, among others, the 
D2D IoT market is already 
booming and set to expand 
rapidly as more low cost, easy -to-
use solutions are brought to 
market
193MARKET OVERVIEW▪ The two biggest sectors by volume are automotive (connected cars) and utilities, albeit for different reasons.  
Automotive (approximately 400 million devices) is driven by the rising share of connectivity embedded in new 
vehicles through telematics, infotainment and mapping that will feed through from new car sales, particularly 
electric vehicles (EVs) from Tesla and other major manufacturers
▪ The utilities’ installed base of ~500 million devices comes from the proliferation of smart meters and energy 
grids, including solar and wind farms, which are increasingly being equipped with IoT sensors to monitor 
operations and link to consumers and main grid operators. These are generally high volume/low value 
connections (utilities is a comparatively low share of addressable revenue).  Utilities also benefit from remote 
monitoring of renewable generation assets as well as leak detection for gas utilities
▪ Energy companies, for example, benefit from tracking various field assets.  Saudi Aramco, for example, has 
invested heavily in technology to track its operations and far -flung assetsEX. D2D IoT ESTIMATES


--- Page 194 ---
ASTS IOT 
OPPORTUNITY
▪ ASTS has already demonstrated 
that its technology can connect 
to off the shelf devices
194


--- Page 195 ---
STAKEHOLDER ANALYSIS: TELECOM PRIORITIES▪ It is important to note that ASTS’ 
end customer is the consumer, 
but the channel partner is the 
MNO.  For the MNO’s to provide 
access to their valuable end 
consumers, ASTS’ service must 
address their key priorities
▪ ASTS is not directly acquiring its 
own subscribers, in a departure 
from historical go -to-market 
strategies.  As a result, it is 
important that ASTS addresses its 
partners’ key priorities to ensure 
market access
▪ Due to market saturation, MNO’s 
are focused on a) reducing user 
churn, and b) finding incremental 
revenues
▪ While ASTS also helps save on 
CAPEX (avoidance of terrestrial 
towers), the primary selling point 
of the service will be the 
improved consumer experience 
and the resultant improved 
subscriber retention and ARPU 
expansion associated with the 
premium service
▪ ASTS’ technology also facilitates 
new use cases for MNO’s 
networks, including an expansion 
of IoT use cases and facilitating 
interconnected cars / automation
195


--- Page 196 ---
UPSELL ATTACHMENT RATES▪ It is anticipated that ASTS will 
partner with MNO’s to add 
various up -sell options or 
premium plans that include the 
Spacemobile service
▪ Market research shows that 
overall, customers have high 
rates of attachment to premium 
and adjacent offerings
▪ While a true test of product -
market fit remains to be seen, it 
is useful to note the many 
adjacent revenue streams that 
MNO’s have pursued to drive 
ARPU higher.  The Spacemobile 
appears to be a differentiated 
offering that the MNO’s will be 
eager to promote
196


--- Page 197 ---
DATA PRICING IN THE U.S.▪ Given the variation in data plans, including 
shared plans, the lack of information on how 
much data users consume across these different 
plans, and the fact that revenues specific to data 
consumption are no longer reported by service 
providers, it is difficult to precisely price mobile 
broadband data
▪ However, data from the CTIA and the U.S. Census 
Bureau allow certain approximations
▪ To derive $/GB (Total Rev), Total Service 
Revenues are divided by the Total Wireless Data 
Traffic, assuming that 100% of service revenues 
are attributable to data.
▪ To derive $/GB (All Users) and $/GB 
(Smartphones), ARPU is dividend by the monthly 
average GB data usage, which is calculated both 
for all users and for smartphone users only. This 
assumes that 100% of revenues are attributable 
to data and that average revenue is the same for 
both smartphone users and non -smartphone 
users
▪ For $/GB (Est. Data Rev), the estimated 
percentage of total revenues that are 
attributable to data are divided by Internet 
Access Service Revenues
▪ Importantly, these represent terrestrial -based 
data charges, which are typically a dramatic 
departure from the pricing of satellite -based data 
packages
▪ As shown previously, current mobile satellite 
data rates are many multiples of terrestrial data 
transmission rates
197


--- Page 198 ---
EXISTING MOBILE SATELLITE MARKET IN U.S.▪ Satellites traditionally have served mobile 
markets, with customers lacking a fixed 
location or needing low latency service, using 
MSS spectrum
▪ This includes maritime, aviation, global 
tracking, satellite telephony, and low -speed 
data services
▪ MSS spectrum is often used by NGSO satellites 
in LEO or MEO orbits. The spectrum allocated 
for each MSS customer is generally very limited 
because much less spectrum has been 
allocated for MSS purposes and it is shared 
globally with other MSS customers
▪ This lack of spectrum greatly limits potential 
data transmission rates and therefore, the 
ability for services relying on MSS to deliver 
great consumer experiences
▪ However, a starting point to measure the 
downside estimate for just the U.S. TAM for 
ASTS would be existing U.S. mobile satellite 
markets.  In 2021, MSS generated 
approximately $800 million in U.S. revenues.  
▪ Relevant comparables would include Inmarsat, 
Ligado, Iridium, Globalstar, ORBCOMM, and 
Swarm
▪ Current mobile satellite products, such as the 
Iridium GO! Exec offer 88 / 22 kbps receive / 
send rates while its maritime terminals achieve 
176 Kbps / 176 Kbps speeds.  
▪ As discussed elsewhere, ASTS can achieve 20 -
50x faster speeds
198
▪The size of the U.S. market via niche, high -friction products such as Iridium’s satellite phones and 
terminals, is approaching $1BN.  The global market should be multiples of this figure
▪These high -friction, specialist niche products function at less than 10% of ASTS’s expected data 
transmission rates.  ASTS will be offered to everyday users with no additional equipment needed 
beyond an unmodified phone

--- Page 199 ---
NEW USE CASES
GOOGLE
▪ As Google showed, there will be a 
myriad new use cases for ASTS as 
the technology rolls out.  Many 
use cases do not require fully 
continuous coverage, which 
allows ASTS to start monetizing 
its intermittent service in the 
near -term
199


--- Page 200 ---
EXISTING MOBILE 
SATELLITE MARKET IN 
U.S.
IRIDIUM GO! PORTABLE 
WIRELESS ACCESSGLOBALSTAR ASSET 
TRACKER
▪ For maritime use cases, this 
broadband terminal provides 176 
Kbps / 176 Kbps receive data 
transmission rates
▪ The units weighs 7.5 lbs. and 
costs $5,300 with a monthly 20 
MB data plan of $80.  A 1 GB 
monthly plan costs $2,500 per 
month▪ Data transmission rates of 88 / 22 
Kbps receive / send 
▪ Retailing for $1,400, this portable 
hotspot has monthly 25 minutes 
of talk / 20 MB of data for $95 
/month while a plan including 
500 minutes of talk with 250 MB 
of data costs $575 per month▪ An IoT asset tracker, this senser 
costs $350 and for 1 message per 
day, has a monthly cost of $9 per 
month.  Unlimited messages 
increased the monthly fee to $35 
per month
200IRIDIUM -THALES 
BROADBAND TERMINALS


--- Page 201 ---
STARLINK
USER GROWTH PERCEIVED VALUE MISSED PROJECTIONS
▪ While Starlink provides fixed 
satellite broadband, the 
introduction of the service also 
provides an adjacent proxy for 
the demand for connectivity
▪ Starlink has over 4MM 
subscribers▪ The Starlink hardware costs $599 
and provides service for $150 -
$200 per month for a roam 
service, $120 per month for 
residential service, and $250 per 
month for maritime service 
(hardware cost of $2,500)
▪ Speeds range between 50 Mbps – 
250 Mbps for download and 10 – 
20 Mbps for upload▪ While Starlink has achieved 
significant growth, actual users 
are roughly 10% of what had 
been projected, realizing a 
potential demand bear case:  for 
many, internet service is readily 
available via terrestrial options
▪ However, Starlink is still a high 
friction sale, requiring expensive 
hardware and a high monthly fee
201


--- Page 202 ---
STARLINK FINANCIALS▪ Starlink is expected to be free 
cash flow positive in 2024
▪ By targeting consumers first, 
Starlink was able to scale at an 
unprecedented rate and is now 
evolving its strategy for 
enterprise, mobility, and 
government end markets
▪ The high growth highlights 
markets where terrestrial options 
are insufficient 
202


--- Page 203 ---
GOVERNMENT OPPORTUNITY
ANALYSIS

--- Page 204 ---
MILITARY GOVERNMENT FIRST RESPONDERS
▪ ASTS has won nearly 10 US 
government / military contracts 
▪ There are high expectations that 
ASTS plays a part in the high -
profile Golden Dome missile 
defense project 
▪ ASTS satellites can equally 
transmit to consumers as they 
can to secure military comm 
systems▪ Wide -ranging government 
applications include GPS 
redundancy, also known as 
Position, Navigation, and Tracking 
(“PNT”)▪ First Responders already have 
dedicated networks, including the 
FirstNet network in the US.  ASTS 
is poised to bolster those systems 
by providing an always -on system 
that will help first responders in 
disasters
▪ Other countries appear to be 
following in the US’ footsteps and 
are taking steps to deploy ASTS in 
a similar fashion204GLOBAL 
GOVERNMENT 
OPPORTUNITY
▪ The government opportunity for 
ASTS has rapidly expanded as the 
importance of satellite systems 
came to the forefront during the 
Ukraine -Russian war and the 
Israeli -Iranian conflict
▪ Militaries and First Responders 
alike have quickly seen the 
potential for new LEO 
constellations and 5G 
technologies


--- Page 205 ---
LOCATIONS TALENT RECRUITMENTMANAGEMENT 
SIGNALING
▪ ASTS  has been building out a 
facility in Homestead, FL on an 
Air Force Base as well as in 
Lanham, Maryland, which is near 
key military prime contractors 
and the Pentagon▪ Golden Dome is based on a 
secure, hybridized 
communications architecture. 
ASTS’s Lanham/Tysons hiring for 
a Senior Principal SATCOM/RAN 
Architect with TS/SCI is almost 
certainly connected to this effort 
— designing tactical networks 
that can bridge AST’s low Earth 
orbit constellation with terrestrial 
tactical radios and 5G▪ Management has repeatedly 
discussed the Golden Dome 
project, by name, in conference 
calls and interviews
▪ A spate of contract wins support 
management guidance and 
shows ASTS’ early signs of 
traction with military contract 
wins
205MILITARY BUILD 
OUT
▪ ASTS has continued to build out 
facilities and recruit for talent in 
places and ways that are 
consistent with important 
military projects
▪ All indications point to ASTS 
having secured a meaningful role 
in the Golden Dome projects; 
notably, ASTS management now 
openly talks about Golden Dome 
and how they are preparing to 
meet its requirements


--- Page 206 ---
MILITARY 
PROOF
▪ On June 26, 2025, ASTS 
announced with its partner, 
Fairwinds, the world’s first 
demonstration of tactical non -
terrestrial network capabilities 
▪ ASTS’s results have been 
validated by the Johns Hopkins 
Applied Physica Laboratory
206
▪The field test showcased key defense -related use cases, including real -time connectivity to the 
Tactical Assault Kit (TAK) over a VPN, multimedia streaming via TAK, and secure multi -party video 
calls, all executed on standard, unmodified smartphones.
▪This milestone demonstration was conducted near AST SpaceMobile’s gateway facility on Oahu, 
Hawaii, with active participation from U.S. Indo -Pacific Command (USINDOPACOM), including 
representation from the U.S. Navy, Marine Corps, Army, U.S. Space Command, and the Office of 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering (OUSD R&E) FutureG team.

--- Page 207 ---
SPACE 
DEVELOPMENT 
AGENCY (SDA)
▪ On October 23, 2024, ASTS was 
named along with 18 companies 
to participate in its Hybrid 
Acquisition for Proliferated Low 
Earth Orbit (HALO) program
▪ ASTS was selected as a prime 
contractor, without having to use 
a partner
▪ In February 2024, ASTS received 
an initial $43MM contract for 1 -
year of services
207
▪The first task orders will focus on building and launching two satellites 
within the next 12 to 18 months. These early missions will test 
technologies such as tactical data links and optical communication, 
crucial components of the PWSA’s data -sharing capabilities
▪The SDA noted some of its plans were delayed as they waited for new 
phased array technology, which might have directly referred to ASTS.  
The SDA intends to order hundreds  of satellites across vendors on an 
accelerated timeline and at a cost of roughly $14MM per satellite 
▪Chris Ivory, AST SpaceMobile CCO and head of its government business 
unit, stated its “broadband technology has the potential to enhance 
SDA’s stated mission at the transport, tracking and ground layers in a 
secure and reliable way”
▪Transport satellite are expected to be $14 -15MM per satellite.  Tracking 
satellites are expected to be $45MM per satellite.  ASTS is expected to 
serve multiple applications with one unit
▪The SDA uses Link 16, which operates within the 960 -1,215 MHz
▪ASTS stated on their Q3 2024 call that the HALO program as a 
standalone could generate tens of millions in revenue and be a feeder 
for larger programs and use cases


--- Page 208 ---
DEFENSE 
INNOVATION 
UNIT (DIU)
▪ On its Q1 2025 call on May 12, 
2025, ASTS announced the award 
of a $20MM contract from the 
DIU through a prime contractor
▪ The service covers various use 
cases across land, sea, and air 
and will yield revenue over the 
next 12 -18 months
▪ The DIU is based in Silicon Valley 
to work to bring tech industry 
expertise to the military
208▪The projects aims to create a secure, jam -resistant “internet of things” 
in space so that troops have a fallback broadband path with no special 
terminals so that the phones and radios they presently carry can be 
used
▪The projects will see ASTS connect to the DIU’s hybrid testbed so traffic 
can be handed off to DoD transport enclaves and demonstrate the 
seamless roaming across commercial and military SATCOM
▪AST SpaceMobile’s DIU award is not a standalone service contract but a 
prototype insertion into the Pentagon’s flagship effort to weave 
commercial LEO capacity into a resilient, secure, multi -orbit military 
network. The project gives ASTS an accelerated on -ramp to defense 
revenue, a chance to hard -test its technology in real operations, and —if 
the demonstrations succeed —a springboard toward much larger 
production orders as HSA scales into an operational hybrid space 
backbone by 2026. For defense planners, the value proposition is a true 
“cell -tower -in-the-sky” fallback path that can ride out terrestrial outages 
or hostile jamming without forcing troops to carry specialized terminals

--- Page 209 ---
KNOWN ASTS GOVERNMENT APPLICATIONS
MUOS OISL IOT EMCon ALT PNT
•The Mobile User 
Objective System is the 
U.S. Navy’s existing 
satellite system that 
works like a global 
walkie -talkie network 
for soldiers
•ASTS has received a 
grant (AoA) to research 
how its satellites can 
augment this network to 
make it better and 
increase coverage 
•The military is 
considering a 
replacement of MUOS 
but with ASTS, the 
system can be 
augmented without 
replacement•The US Government has 
paid ASTS to work on 
optical inter -satellite 
links to show that the 
satellites can transmit 
data to other 
government satellites 
•The OISLs allow the 
satellites to move data 
in space without having 
to use terrestrial -based 
gateways, which could 
result in data 
sovereignty issues when 
operating outside of the 
US•ASTS is marketing its 
system to the Pentagon 
for troop tracking as 
well as ocean tracking
•The military uses 
thousands of unmanned 
buoys and underwater 
drones to track weather, 
submarines, and 
conditions; connecting 
these in the middle of 
the ocean is expensive 
but ASTS can easily do it
•Critical infrastructure 
does electronic 
handshakes so the 
military can do IFF 
(Identify Friends or Foe)•In warfare, soldiers and 
ships often turn off their 
transmitters to hide 
from enemies.  ASTS’ 
satellites can broadcast 
data down to soldiers 
even when they are 
hiding and cannot send 
a signal back; this is a 
“silence listen” 
capability •Traditional GPS signals 
are weak and easily 
jammed.  ASTS can 
provide backup GPS 
signals that are powerful 
and therefore much 
harder to jam than 
traditional GPS
209

--- Page 210 ---
KNOWN ASTS GOVERNMENT APPLICATIONS
LOOPBACK POLAR BENT PIPE ICD ATOMIC CLOCKS
•ASTS can create a closed 
loop system that allows 
ships to talk to each 
other securely without 
the data touching the 
internet or a ground 
station
•The military has a 
massive tactical problem 
at sea; ships are too far 
from land to use 
standard connections 
and do not want to use 
foreign ground stations
•The system utilizes 
OISLs so satellites can 
transmit data without 
having to utilize QV 
backhaul •The US is in an arms 
race to militarize the 
Arctic.  The US is 
desperate for reliable 
communications in polar 
regions•ASTS has the ability to 
turn off its core or 
ORAN.  Normally, the 
satellite acts like a smart 
flying cell tower and 
processes the signal and 
routes the call.  In all 
instances the military 
does not want the 
satellite to be ‘smart,’ 
but instead dumb and 
invisible
•ASTS has the ability to 
shut down its core and 
simply act as a mirror to 
take whatever signal 
hits it, even if it’s a 
classified waveform that 
it does not understand, 
and bounce it back to 
the recipient •The ASTS platform is 
designed with flexibility 
in mind and has 
Interface Control 
Document architecture 
so that the military can 
easily plug payloads 
such as military sensors 
into the platform while 
utilizing the commercial 
constellation •ASTS satellites 
incorporate chip scale 
atomic clocks, allowing 
the satellites to hold 
perfect time for days or 
weeks without talking to 
the ground; ASTS works 
as a reservoir of time 
even if ground stations 
are destroyed.  This 
capability is crucial for 
PNT applications, among 
others
210

--- Page 211 ---
KNOWN ASTS GOVERNMENT APPLICATIONS
DIRECT SEQUENCE 
SPREAD SPECTRUM
•ASTS can operate at 
35dB below the noise 
floor; even if an enemy 
attempts to jam the 
signal, ASTS is able to 
operate under the 
jamming and hold a 
connection 
•ASTS spreads its signals 
over a wide range of 
pitches, which masks 
the signal to appear 
invisible to enemy 
detection
•Even in testing 
conditions with 20dB 
more interference than 
anticipated, ASTS could 
stay connected •X •x •x •x
211

--- Page 212 ---
MILITARY:
L3 HARRIS 
PARTNERSHIP
▪ There is considerable evidence 
that ASTS is working with L3 
Harris on military contracts
▪ L3 has filed for GPS permits with 
the FCC that are located at ASTS’ 
facilities
▪ L3 also has filed for 14 sun -
synchronous orbit satellites, 
which matches an ITU filing 
saying the same for ASTS
212
14 satellites located 
in a 980 orbit, which 
is not consistent with 
use for D2C services
▪L3 Harris and Northrop are each developing 16 satellites for the SDA, out of which 14 for L3 are noted as having a “wide 
field of view sensor.”  ASTS also has filed for a shell of 14 satellites for Sun Synchronous Orbit (“SSO”)
▪A SSO orbit is normally used for DoD and government sensor payloads.  It would be inconsistent for ASTS to put so few 
satellites in this orbit if intending to use them for D2C coverage 
▪The FCC ha s also been filing amended ITU filings on ASTS’ behalf without first having ASTS file revised Schedule S forms; 
when the FCC files or amends an ITU NGSL constellation without a revised Schedule S, it is a strong signal that the 
constellation is government directed or part of a national security program.  Typically, a US licensee submits a full 
application with a detailed description of orbital parameters in a Schedule S filing.  The FCC (as the notifying administrati on 
for the US) forwards this data to the ITU via Advanced Publication Information (API) and later a Coordination Request 
(CR/CN).  If any orbital parameters change, a revised Schedule S and updated FCC application are expected


--- Page 213 ---
ORBITAL POSITION IMPLICATIONS▪ Recent regulatory filings suggest that ASTS’ constellation has 
evolved from a commercial -focused constellation to a more 
complex, multi -orbit deployment with government 
deployment
▪ The use of FPGA satellites more easily facilitates dual -use 
satellites that can support multiple waveforms or 
applications.  ASTS now lists 28 satellites in the 520km shell
▪ Dual -use applications include:
▪Time Difference of Arrival (TDOA) :  Used for signal 
intelligence, the constellation can measure the time 
difference of incoming signals and triangulate the 
location of a signal source on Earth
▪Formation -Flying Synthetic Aperture Radar (FF -SAR): If 
the satellites are carrying radar instruments, they can 
combine signals to act like a larger synthetic aperture 
and produce high -resolution radar imagery
▪Alternative PNT (Position, Navigation, and Timing):  A 
network of satellites with precise clocks and known 
positions can provide PNT services, which can be an 
alternative to GPS
▪ ASTS originally filed a Schedule S that has the satellites in 40 
degree and 55 degree inclinations.  The ITU filing shifted the 
inclinations to 53 degrees along with a shell at 98 degrees in a 
sun synchronous orbit.  The prevailing reason why such a 
change would have been made, especially without an 
amended Schedule S, is that the constellation is being 
coordinated for military or government use.  The shift to 53 
degrees matches that of Starlink, which could simplify 
rideshares with Starlink
213


--- Page 214 ---
GOLDEN DOME▪ On January 27, 2025, President Trump called for the 
creation of a “Golden Dome” that will mirror the 
capabilities of Israel’s Iron Dome
▪ On April 25, 2025, the draft spending bill introduced by 
Congressional Republicans included a $27BN provision for 
the missile shield
▪ ASTS has several interesting angles that suggest it could get 
a large role in the Golden Dome project.  In fact, ASTS’s FCC 
application for FM -1 specifically cites its satellite’s role in 
“initiating services for the US Space Development Agency 
customers”
▪ ASTS was previously awarded a $43MM contract by the 
SDA through a prime contractor.  SDA’s Tranche 1 & 
Tranche 2 communications layers are currently primed only  
by L3Harris, Lockheed, Northrop, RTX, SpaceX, Rocket Lab & 
York. That makes L3Harris and Lockheed two of six plausible 
primes in the chain.  Since 2020 L3Harris and Lockheed 
have been awarded multiple SDA constellation -level prime 
contacts (Transport -Layer Tranches 0 -2, Tracking -Layer 
Tranche 1)
▪ Notably, ASTS is now partnered with Ligado, which is 
backed by investment firm Cerberus.  Cerberus founder, 
Steve Feinberg is the Deputy Secretary of Defense
▪ A study of ASTS’ FM -1 satellite design suggests integrations 
for defense purposes.  The additional details disclosed in 
FCC filings shows an additional payload capacity roughly the 
same as a MAXAR 300 series satellite, which is often used in 
national security type missions 
▪ ASTS management has directly discussed their suitability for 
the project and noted they are building a dedicated facility 
in Midland, TX which appears likely to be used for Golden 
Dome -related microns.  
214


--- Page 215 ---
GOLDEN DOME & SDA▪ Golden Dome is being led and integrated by the Missile Defense Agency (MDA). To understand the specific insertion points for AST SpaceMobile, it is necessary to 
deconstruct the functional layers of the Golden Dome architecture. The system is predicated on the Proliferated Warfighter Sp ace Architecture (PWSA), which 
abandons the "exquisite" satellite model —large, expensive, vulnerable targets in Geostationary Orbit (GEO) —in favor of swarms of  smaller, cheaper satellites in LEO
▪ The SDA, which has awarded ASTS a contract as part of HALO (Hybrid Acquisition for Layered Orbit), which is the SDA’s fast -cycle  procurement framework for 
proliferated LEO constellations — especially the Tracking Layer. That layer provides global missile detection, tracking, and cue ing. Golden Dome cannot function 
without those inputs
▪ Companies winning SDA HALO / Tracking Layer work are already embedded in the Golden Dome data path. Companies winning MDA SHI ELD task orders build the 
engagement layer — but often rely on SDA -provided data
▪ TRACKING LAYER :  The first line of defense in the Golden Dome is the Tracking Layer. This constellation employs Wide Field of View (WFOV) a nd Medium Field of 
View (MFOV) infrared sensors to detect the heat signatures of missile launches (boost phase) and track the warmer warheads ag ainst the cold background of space 
(midcourse phase). The Space Development Agency (SDA) has aggressively funded this layer, awarding $3.5 billion in Tranche 3 contracts in December 2025 to 
prime contractors L3Harris, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and Rocket Lab
▪ TRANSPORT LAYER:  The Transport Layer is the backbone of the PWSA and the primary domain of AST SpaceMobile’s utility. This l ayer consists of a mesh network of 
satellites connected by Optical Inter -Satellite Links (OISLs), creating a secure "internet in space". The objective is to move d ata from the Tracking Layer to the 
weapon systems (the "shooters") without relying on vulnerable ground relay stations. AST SpaceMobile’s inclusion in the trans port architecture offers a unique 
capability: the "last tactical mile." While traditional military transport satellites require specialized, often bulky receiv e terminals, ASTS’s BlueBird satellites can 
transmit directly to standard cellular devices. This capability is critical for the "Custody Layer," ensuring that tracking d ata on mobile missile launchers can be sent 
directly to special operations forces or identifying sensors deep in contested territory
▪ CUSTODY LAYER:  The Custody Layer focuses on maintaining a "chain of custody" over time -critical targets, such as mobile transporter -erector -launchers (TELs) that 
can hide after firing. The Intercept Layer involves the kinetic defeat mechanisms, including the controversial Space -Based Inter ceptors (SBI) that are a hallmark of 
the Golden Dome initiative.   AST SpaceMobile’s large aperture capability allows its satellites to act as relays for unattend ed ground sensors (UGS) and other low -
power Internet of Things (IoT) devices used for custody tracking. By picking up faint signals from ground sensors and relayin g them to the Transport Layer, ASTS 
helps close the loop between detection and engagement. The large antenna acts as a giant "ear" in the sky. It can theoretical ly be tasked to detect, geolocate, and 
analyze adversary electromagnetic emissions (e.g., radar signatures from a mobile missile launcher). This capability directly  supports the Golden Dome’s Custody 
Layer, helping to identify the launch point of a threat
▪    
215

--- Page 216 ---
FCC GPS BACKUP INITIATIVE▪ FCC Chairman Brendan Carr has 
issued an urgent request to 
consider adding backup GPS 
capabilities to the US
▪ ASTS has been highlighting its 
Positioning, Navigation, and 
Timing (PNT) services through 
their D2C satellite network.  
Whereas traditional GPS utilizes 
MEO/GEO systems, LEO satellite 
systems would offer lower 
latency and faster refresh rates.  
ASTS would also facilitate high -
bandwidth links that allows for 
enhanced signal integrity and 
more redundancy
▪ An ASTS system would also be 
leveraging the mobile network 
signal, thereby replacing 
traditional GNSS systems where 
signals are weak, e.g. indoors
216


--- Page 217 ---
PNT MARKET
▪ The market for supplement GPS, 
also known as the PNT market 
(positioning, navigation, and 
tracking) is a rapidly evolving 
segment of the market as 
vulnerability to spoofing and 
outages of the GPS network 
become more pressing 
▪ ASTS has been active in the FCC 
docket for new PNT technology
217
▪https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/document/108131138917335/1


--- Page 218 ---
EUROPEAN 
INITIATIVE:  IRIS2
▪ Europe’s response to SpaceX is 
the IRIS2 project, which is an 
enormously complex public -
private partnership
▪ Given the extreme likelihood the 
project fails, Vodafone & ASTS’s 
SatCo JV is positioned to provide 
a much -needed solution to 
European governments
218▪ In late 2022, the European Union approved IRIS², a €6 billion+ multi -orbit secure connectivity constellation. The project is a p ublic -
private effort: a consortium of European satellite operators (France’s Eutelsat, Spain’s Hispasat, Luxembourg’s SES) will bui ld and 
operate IRIS². In December 2024, the EU awarded contracts to kickstart this program in response to Starlink’s rapid rise. IRI S² will 
comprise ~280 satellites across LEO and Medium Earth Orbit (MEO), with the first launches by 2029 and full deployment by 2030 . Its 
primary aim is to provide an encrypted government communications backbone for Europe – ensuring European militaries, 
governments, and critical infrastructure have a sovereign satellite network, as well as envisioning commercial services and i ntegrating 
new technologies.  While IRIS²’s development will not immediately fill the D2D gap, it will reassure European stakeholders th at an 
alternative to Starlink is coming, potentially reducing dependence on US networks for critical coverage
▪ At the IRIS² Industry Day in Brussels on February 12, 2025, it was revealed that only five gateways are currently planned for  IRIS². This 
means that IRIS² will only be able to provide services outside of Europe with significantly increased latency, because all da ta traffic 
must be routed via OISLs (optical inter -satellite links) to European gateways.  Apart from the fact that such long in -orbit OISL  routing 
causes problematic latency fluctuations – which impair many applications – this approach destroys one of LEO’s main advantages: low 
latency
▪ If all data traffic is routed through Europe, latency increases twice in many use cases – firstly because traffic from other con tinents 
must be transmitted through orbit to European gateways, and secondly because the traffic destination (including cloud infrast ructure) 
usually also resides on the originating continent (“closer to the edge”) which must be reached again via submarine cable
▪ This makes IRIS² completely unattractive or even unusable for users outside Europe, and destroys any prospect that Eutelsat c ould 
replace OneWeb with IRIS² – at least outside Europe.  This is not only because such a high -latency LEO system will find no deman d, but 
also because IRIS² will be denied market access in many countries for reasons of data sovereignty and lack of physical access  for lawful 
interception
▪ Whereas OneWeb – and Starlink even more so – ensure that there is always at least one satellite above an elevation angle (vertic al 
angle above the horizon) of 45 °, IRIS² will not be able to maintain this minimum elevation angle due to its low satellite density.  It is 
likely that the elevation angle will have to be reduced to 25 –30°.  This leads to two major problems: firstly, flat -panel antennas lose 
performance at shallow emission angles (which further exacerbates the user terminal problems described above); secondly, in m any 
usage scenarios, there is no clear line of sight to the sky down to 25 -30° elevation.  Fixed users are often surrounded by trees, masts, 
buildings, or mountains that loom above this threshold, while mobile users such as airplanes or ships suffer from obstruction s – 
airplanes particularly during banking turns, ships due to their superstructures.  As satellite density decreases, IRIS²’s mil itary utility also 
declines – first because military use cases often involve obstructions, and second because it becomes much easier for an adversa ry to 
conduct electronic warfare: if there are only two or three satellites to jam instead of a dozen, communication over a conflic t zone can 
be disabled much more easily.

--- Page 219 ---
2195G FUND FOR RURAL AMERICA▪On October 27, 2020, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) created the 5G 
Fund for Rural America (5G Fund). The FCC directed that $9 billion over the next 10 
years from the Universal Service Fund (USF) be used for the 5G Fund to expand fifth -
generation (5G) wireless service. This included $8 billion to bring voice and 
highspeed mobile broadband services to rural areas unlikely to see 5G cellular 
deployments without subsidies and $1 billion for networks that can support precision 
agriculture
▪The 5G Fund was paused until the FCC could collect more data, with a revised 
coverage map released in August 2021 and November 22 to identify areas requiring 
most investment
▪On September 21, 2023, the FCC adopted a FNPRM stating that with improved data 
gathered as part of its Broadband Data Collection effort and incorporated into the 
National Broadband Map it would continue to implement the 5G Fund
▪The 5G Fund would use multi -round reverse auctions to distribute the $9bn in two 
phases using a metric of support price per adjusted square kilometer
▪Technical requirements include meeting 5G - New Radio technology standards 
developed by the 3GPP and provide median download speeds of at least 35 Mbps 
and upload speeds of 3 Mbps with 100 ms or below latency and offering at least one 
service plan that includes a minimum monthly data allowance that is equivalent to 
the average U.S. subscriber data usage
▪The comment period ended October 23, 2023, with reply commented ending 
November 21, 2023.  The process until the announcement of an auction could take 
many months
▪ASTS has been active in commenting on the public dockets and indicated its intent to 
compete in the auctions.  ASTS is urging an increase in the overall scope of the fund, 
both in dollar size and geographic expanse.  PROGRAM OVERVIEW
▪https://docs.fcc.gov/public/attachments/FCC -24-89A1.pdf
▪https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/document/102330967290/1

--- Page 220 ---
FUTURE APPLICATIONS 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 221 ---
AI DATACENTER OPPORTUNITY▪ ASTS is expected to generate roughly 120kW of peak power 
on its next generation satellites.  Space systems benefit from 
higher solar efficiency than terrestrial solar.  In space, the 
sun is 30% more intense than on earth due to atmospheric 
filtering (1,361 W/m2 vs. 1,000 W/m2).  If flying in Sun -
Synchronous -Orbit (“SSO”), space power generation benefits 
from 100% utilization vs. terrestrial, whereby the night is 
dark and morning / evening sun hits at a low angle, reducing 
power.  Furthermore, weather impacts power generation 
(clouds).  As a result, the power generation factor in space is 
6.5x than on earth :
▪Earth: 5  hours x 1,000 W = 5,000 Wh / day 
▪Space: 24 hours x 1,361 W = 32,664 Wh / day
▪32,664 / 5,000 = 6.5
▪ While terrestrial AI datacenters require complex and energy -
intensive cooling systems, space -systems benefit from the 
naturally -cold space environment, but have separate 
complexities due to significant thermal volatility on sun -
facing sides.  Thermal stability is a complex issue in space, 
requiring large radiators
▪ In contrast, terrestrial datacenters have enormous cooling 
challenges; a data center can consume up to 5MM gallons of 
water per day
▪ Starlink’s V3 satellite will have 20kW of capacity, and 
scalable to 100kW if mass is shifted toward solar arrays and 
radiators instead of phased array antenna for telecom
221


--- Page 222 ---
AI DATACENTER OPPORTUNITY▪ From a power consumption point of view, an Nvidia 
H200 chip uses roughly 0.7kW per chip, but with 
ancillary equipment, is assumed to consumer 1kW per 
GPU.  Therefore, based on current BlueBird power 
generation, one satellite could in theory power 100 
GPUs.  To put that amount in context, a large national -
level data center can house 100,000 GPUs
▪ Using a large 100MW terrestrial datacenter build, a 
standard single campus can cost $3 -5BN for 100MW.  
The plant will consume 876 GWh per year
▪ Solar panels in space can be extremely lightweight and 
cheap since they do not  need glass or stormproof 
framing
▪ Cooling in space is more simple, requiring simple 
radiation directly into the cold vacuum; terrestrial 
requires large cooling infrastructure.  Most of the 
mass of current supercomputer racks relate to cooling 
hardware, which disappears in space
222FeatureTerrestrial Hyperscale AI 
DatacenterAST SpaceMobile (BlueBird Block 2)
Primary ScopeAI Training & Inference (Heavy 
Compute). Storing exabytes of data 
and crunching matrices.Connectivity & Relay (Heavy 
Comms). Connecting unserved 
mobile phones to the internet.
Power Consumption100 MW – 1 GW (Continuous). 
Equivalent to 100,000 –1,000,000 
homes.~100 kW – 200 kW (Peak Solar). 
Massive for a satellite, but <0.1% of 
a terrestrial DC.
Cost to Build$3 Billion – $6 Billion (for a full 
campus). Hardware (GPUs) creates 
the bulk of this cost.~$25 Million – $35 Million (per 
satellite). Target unit cost at scale.
Scale (Physical)1–2 Million sq. ft. (Sprawling 
campus of multiple buildings).~2,400 sq. ft. (Size of the unfolded 
solar/antenna array).
Hardware~100,000+ NVIDIA H100/Blackwell 
GPUs.Custom AST5000 ASICs (specialized 
chips for signal processing, not AI 
training).
CoolingLiquid cooling loops consuming 
millions of gallons of water 
annually.Passive radiative cooling (venting 
heat into the vacuum of space).
Latency<1ms internal (rack -to-rack); 20 -
80ms to end user.~20-40ms (Speed of light to LEO 
and back).
Annual Opex~$150M – $200M/year (mostly 
electricity bills).Low per unit, but high replacement 
cost if satellites de -orbit or fail.

--- Page 223 ---
223STARCLOUDSTARCLOUD 
▪Starcloud is a US -based start -up that has replicated what ASTS achieved with its BW -
1 test satellite; basic proof of concept
▪Starcloud sent a refrigerator -sized satellite containing an Nvidia GPU into orbit
▪Starcloud is looking to avoid the thermal expansion issues by operating its satellites 
in Sun Synchronous Orbit (“SSO”).  The Company is not intending to have front -haul 
for its satellites and only provide connectivity for in -space applications via optical 
links


--- Page 224 ---
224K2 SPACEK2 SPACE
▪K2 Space raised its $250MM Series C at a $3bn valuation in December 2025.  The 
Company has $500MM of commercial and government contracts.  Total capital 
raised is >$400MM
▪In early 2026, the company will launch its 20kW satellite, with 3 additional satellites 
launched in 2027
▪The team is led by ex -SpaceX employees, including a former SpaceX Mission Director
▪The Company is designing around a Starship era of lower launch costs
▪Their “Mega Class” satellite will be 3,000 kg with 20 -30 kW of power and is designed 
to maximize the fairing volume of the Falcon 9 (3m x 2.7x payload deck)
▪Their “Giga Class” satellite will be a 15,000 kg available payload mass with a 6.2m x 
6.2x payload deck and designed exclusively for Starship and New Glenn
▪K2 has won contracts from SES, US Space Force, US Space Command, and another 
undisclosed commercial contract


--- Page 225 ---
MANUFACTURING & 
SUPPLY CHAIN ANALYSIS

--- Page 226 ---
VERTICALLY 
INTEGRATED
▪ Similar to SpaceX’ approach, ASTS 
has focused on controlling its 
own destiny through a vertically -
integrated approach
▪ At 194,000 square feet, the ASTS 
facility is one of the largest 
satellite production operations in 
the world and is being designed 
for scale, reliable costs, and end -
to-end control of design and 
manufacturing
226
“We are very substantially vertically integrated.  We literally start with aluminum and 
composite material, and we build almost all our parts.  We integrate all our antennas, 
structures, batteries, solar panels, and controlsat structures - literally every major part of 
our satellite we do by ourselves - not only to manage and control costs of each of these 
parts, but also to control our supply chain.
      
- CEO Abel Avellan▪ ASTS’ facilities were designed by 
an alumnus from Northrup 
Grumman.  The priority was 
establishing a safe facility with 
the know -how of how to hire 
and train employees
▪ The local workforce, largely 
from the Permian Basin oil 
industry, are mechanically adept 
and come from strong safety 
cultures
▪ In what is one of the largest flat 
floors in the US, ASTS can fold 
and unfold the satellites, 
ensuring repeated practice 
before launch
▪ ASTS has their own shaker, 
builds its own solar cells, have 
its own chip design, make its 
own thrusters, reaction wheels, 
torque rods, etc.  

--- Page 227 ---
VERTICAL INTEGRATION EXEMPTIONS LAUNCH
▪ The high degree of vertical 
integration shields ASTS from 
significant tariff exposure▪ The White House has exempted 
aluminum from additional tariffs 
if already subject to existing 25% 
tariffs
▪ Copper and gold as exempt, as 
are semiconductors▪ Roughly half of ASTS’ costs relate 
to launch, which are not subject 
to tariffs
227TARIFF 
EXPOSURE
▪ All structural components, 
including batteries, antennas and 
solar panels are being produced 
in the US from raw materials

--- Page 228 ---
VERTICALLY -INTEGRATED SATELLITE 
MANUFACTURING OPERATION▪ Across two facilities in Texas, ASTS has 
194,000 square feet of capacity for semi -
automated production of Bluebirds
▪ In late 2024 and 2025, ASTS expanded its 
footprint to Homestead, FL, Barcelona, Spain 
(59,000 square feet) for assembly and testing 
of avionics components, and Israel (33,000 
square feet) for assembly of electronic 
components
▪ Parts are designed in -house and machined in 
the facilities for improved speed to market 
and design control 
▪ Even large structural components are 
machined in -house.  ASTS has in -house 
carbon fiber machining equipment as well as 
ultra -precise plasma cutting robots
▪ Recent investments have included bringing 
the testing equipment in -house to speed 
cycle times and avoid costly transit of 
equipment to 3rd party testing centers
▪ ASTS has taken its solar panel production in -
house, including automated welding and 
etching machines
▪ Controlling design and production gives ASTS 
tight configuration management and supply 
chain control. It permits rapid iterative 
prototyping to optimize Bluebird satellites. 
With vertical synergy, ASTS can process 
phases ranging from raw material to 
complete satellite delivery
▪ ASTS anticipates ramping to capacity of 6 
satellites per month 228


--- Page 229 ---
BLUEBIRD 
SATELLITE KEY 
COMPONENTS
▪ The three main functional 
components of the BW -3 satellite 
are the:
▪Controlsat
▪Solar Array
▪Phased Array
229
Controlsat
Solar Array
Phased Array

--- Page 230 ---
CONTROLSAT▪ The Controlsat is an innovative concept for an on -orbit 
command and control node
▪ The Controlsat performs various functions, such as 
AI/ML -based orbital management algorithms, precise 
satellite positioning utilizing ground and on -orbit 
sensors, inter -satellite data relay and transmission 
monitoring, and managing the phased array
▪ ASTS makes the Controlsat in -house in Midland, Texas, 
including the structure that houses the avionics flight 
software and the center processing beam former, 
which is the unit that generates and creates the 
cellular beams that manage the direct connections to 
devices
▪ The flight computer is an essential part of the system 
and is where ASTS hosts its altitude control system to 
manage and position the spacecraft as well as manage 
all the satellite’s sensors and onboard actuators for 
spacecraft control
▪ The software and control system is architected and 
designs in ASTS’ US offices and is integrated and 
tested in the Midland facility
230


--- Page 231 ---
SOLAR ARRAY
▪ ASTS' Bluebird satellite designs have large deployable solar 
arrays to generate power in low Earth orbit
▪ Originally, the Company outsourced production of early 
prototype solar panels and batteries
▪ ASTS has a solar panel production line in Midland, and 
installed its own interconnect cells at a supplier in order to 
lower cost, extend life, and modify performance of solar 
panels to survive in space
▪ ASTS has also in -housed the battery pack production line in 
Midland
231


--- Page 232 ---
PHASED ARRAY▪ ASTS deploys large arrays of small flat rectangular "cells" packed tightly together. 
Each cell, termed a "micron", contains its own transceiver and can be 
independently tuned. Microns allow a single large collective aperture to form 
multiple simultaneous beams for coverage.  By applying different phase offsets, 
the waves from different microns interfere constructively in the desired 
direction, while interfering destructively elsewhere for improved gain and 
interference rejection. This steering capability is essential to serve rapidly moving 
mobile users from orbit. Each individual micron module measures approximately 
5x5 cm and contains a surface -mount phased array of miniature antenna 
elements, custom low -noise amplifiers, multiplexers, and a microcontroller
▪ Early prototypes used off -the-shelf amplifiers and multiplexers transitioned to 
custom integrated circuits for size/power advantages. A single Bluebird satellite 
deploys thousands of these microns arranged in a tight hexagonal packing across 
its large flat facets, interspersed with solar cells. This collective array can form 
hundreds of simultaneous steerable beams
▪ Producing thousands of these complex miniature arrays at scale required 
bringing manufacturing in -house.  An automated "lights -out" cleanroom facility 
was established at ASTS' Midland, Texas campus to mass -produce identical 
microns
▪ The proprietary process involves individually bonding the miniaturized 
electronics components to a rigid printed circuit substrate using conductive 
epoxy under a microscope. Fine pitch interconnections are then milled using 
computer -controlled routers
▪ Completed micron modules then undergo testing before integrated mounting to 
the satellite structure where they self -align during curing. Quality control ensures 
uniform electromagnetic behavior across the entire phased surface for optimal 
performance
▪ This vertically integrated production approach allows ASTS to iteratively refine 
the technology while maintaining tight production schedules and reducing costs 
compared to traditional outsourcing models
▪ The prototype microns were built by Japan’s NEC
232


--- Page 233 ---
TESTING
▪ During the production of BW -3, ASTS required 
various testing to be done with 3rd parties, 
which incurred considerable cost and time 
delays.  As discussed earlier, the BW -3 
satellite required significant reworking, which 
was doubly costly due to the repeated testing 
and repeated issue -spotting
▪ For Block 1, ASTS was able to conduct all out -
of-factory testing in -house at the Site 2 facility 
in Midland, Texas
▪ This testing includes component -level and 
satellite -level thermal vibration and RF 
testing.  As a result of this vertical integration, 
ASTS expects to significantly shorten 
production times and increase control of the 
manufacturing process compared to BW -3
233


--- Page 234 ---
LAUNCH▪ ASTS is reliant on 3rd parties for 
launch services
▪ BW-3 and Block 1 utilized SpaceX 
for launch.  The Bluebird satellite 
will use a variety of launch 
providers, including ISRO, SpaceX, 
and Blue Origin
▪ The launch market is well -served 
and highly commoditized, 
although SpaceX is viewed as the 
most reliable provider
▪ Because ASTS has a US 
government contract and expects 
to expand its US government 
contracting relationship, it is 
possible ASTS gets access to ULA 
for launch services
234
Target Payload Size

--- Page 235 ---
BLOCK 1 
DELAYS FROM 
SUPPLY CHAIN 
ISSUES
▪ In April 2024, ASTS announced a 
delay from prior guidance to a 
new launch window of July – 
August 2024
▪ ASTS announced that it had 
experienced difficulties with two 
vendors for sub assemblies for 
Block 1
▪ Further research indicated that 
ASTS had relied on Astra for 
thrusters.  The other vendor is 
not known 235SUPPLY CHAIN ISSUES RESOLVED BLOCK 1 DELAY
▪ In April 2024, ASTS revealed that Block 1 was delayed 
due to issues with two of its third -party vendors, which 
led to delays in integration and testing.  ASTS also 
experienced initial challenges to manufacturing 
upgraded microns for Block 1 and Block 2 satellites
▪ To rectify the situation, ASTS acquired a license to 
manufacture one of the components while another 
component was replaced by an ASTS proprietary design
▪ In March – May, it was disclosed in Astra Space’s filings 
that AST entered into a license to manufacture 
spacecraft engines that were subject to Astra patents in 
order to create an alternative source of supply
▪ Astra had acquired the technology from Apollo Fusion 
for $50MM, which itself had been chosen by NASA JPL 
to commercialize the technology
▪ The episode highlights the critical importance of vertical 
integration in order to control processes and procedures
▪ After the above changes, ASTS will manufacture in -
house or use its own IP via third -parties for 95% of the 
satellite subsystem for the Block 2 satellites▪ On May 15, 2024, ASTS announced that it had resolved its 
supply chain issues, with “micro -completion” on the way


--- Page 236 ---
OPERATIONS 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 237 ---
LAUNCH 
CADENCE
▪ ASTS has started to provide 
updated guidance into 
manufacturing timelines and 
readiness to ship
▪ While the initial production is 
subject to initial shake -out issues, 
the Company is poised to hit a 
regular ready -to-ship cadence in 
Q1 2026
237


--- Page 238 ---
BLUEBIRD 
SATELLITE 
PRODUCTION
▪ On September 30, 2025, ASTS 
announced that BlueBird 6 (FM -1) 
shipped to India on October 12th
▪ On December 21, 2025, ASTS 
shipped Bluebird 7 (FM -2)
▪ The proof that satellite 
production has started to be 
streamlined was a major de -
risking event for the Company
238


--- Page 239 ---
PRODUCTION RATE▪ ASTS has provided guidance 
on array production and the 
number of satellites in 
production  
▪ Investors are carefully 
watching production rates 
to gauge the timing of initial 
operations for the 
constellation 
▪ In August 2025, ASTS 
announced that Bluebirds 7 
– 16 were in assembly, with 
8 arrays completed
▪ By December 2025, ASTS 
had announced Bluebirds 8 
– 26 were in various stages 
of assembly, which shows a 
step -wise increase in the 
number of units in 
production, which is 
consistent with the 
Company having reached it 
6 satellite per month 
production rate
239024681012141618
Sep-25 Oct-25 Nov-25 Dec-25SATELLITESSATELLITE PRODUCTION Q3 2025+
Cumulative Shipped In Assembly

--- Page 240 ---
LAUNCH 
CADENCE
▪ As ASTS validates its next 
generation Block 2 satellite, the 
Company should be able to firm 
up its launch and service 
guidance
240


--- Page 241 ---
CONSTELLATION MAPPING▪ ASTS’s filings with the FCC details 
a 2 x 14 satellite sun synchronous 
orbit (“SSO”).  The two 14 -
satellite shells are at a 98.13 ° 
inclination at 685 km
▪ The SSO shells are the typical 
inclination for government use 
cases, especially among a quickly 
evolving landscape in the Arctic 
▪ ASTS subsequently noted that 
Block 3 for midband satellites will 
power the newly -acquired Ligado 
spectrum.  The 96 Block 3 
satellites will be spaced at 3.75 
degrees at a 53 inclination.  
These satellites will compliment 
96 low -band satellites and be 
evenly spaced with every second 
satellite doing low band and the 
other satellites doing L or S -band
241


--- Page 242 ---
LAUNCH CAPACITY
ANALYSIS

--- Page 243 ---
ASTS LAUNCH CAPACITY▪ On November 14. 2024 ASTS announced its agreements to launch 75 
satellites vs. the planned 45 to 60 satellites over the course of 2025 and 
2026.  ASTS over contracted for launch due to a significant contract with 
Blue Origin; ASTS can backfill with other providers in the event Blue 
Origin has any setbacks
▪ ASTS will be launching its first Block 2 satellite on an Indian LVM 3 rocket.  
The vehicle has had 7 successful missions (100% success rate).  The 
satellite is expected to arrive at the launch site in March or April 2025
▪ The Blue Origin New Glenn rocket is powered the BE -4 engine, which was 
successfully flown on January 8, 2024 by the ULA Vulcan Centaur rocket. 
New Glenn has a reusable booster.  The vehicle had a second successful 
launch, including booster landing, on November 13, 2025
▪ ASTS cemented a strategic partnership with Blue Origin, which puts the 
majority of ASTS’ launches (on a per -satellite basis) with Blue Origin.  As 
one of the largest operational rockets, the New Glenn is strategically 
important to the US and represents a way for ASTS to efficiently deploy 
its constellation 
▪ ASTS designed its satellites to be compatible with a wide range of 
vehicles, including
▪Japan’s MHI
▪Europe’s Ariane 6
▪ULA Vulcan and Atlas
▪SpaceX
▪Blue Origin
▪ISRO LVM3
▪ In the future, ASTS can work with Relativity, Firefly, Neutron and other 
entrants
243


--- Page 244 ---
BLUE ORIGIN PARTNERSHIP▪ ASTS is one of the foundational 
partners with Blue Origin for the 
New Glenn rocket
▪ Importantly, ASTS is one of the 
specific launch partners cited for 
the enhanced New Glenn 9x4 
rocket, which increases trust and 
total capacity 
▪ As such, ASTS has the benefit of 
what amounts to a custom -made 
launch vehicle, which will help 
not only with the commercial 
development of its constellation, 
but by all appearances, be a joint 
offering for US military 
applications; together, Blue 
Origin and ASTS offer a 
technology package that appears 
to exceed the capabilities of 
SpaceX
244


--- Page 245 ---
SPACEX FALCON 9 SPACEX FALCON HEAVY SPACEX STARSHIP
▪ LEO Capacity:  22,800 kg
▪ GTO Capacity:  8,300 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $67MM
▪ First stage reusable rocket
▪ SpaceX can exceed 100 launches 
per year▪ LEO Capacity:  63,800kg
▪ GTO Capacity: 26,700 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $97 -150MM
▪ First stage reusable rocket
▪ SpaceX can do roughly 5 launches 
per year▪ LEO Capacity:  100,000kg
▪ GTO Capacity: 50,000 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  TBD
▪ Fully reusable
▪ TBD when first commercial 
launches will occur
245COMMERCIAL 
SPACE LAUNCH 
MARKET
▪ The commercial launch market 
has several key providers, with 
new competitors entering to 
compete


--- Page 246 ---
BLUE ORIGIN NEW 
GLENNROCKET LAB NEUTRON SPACEX STARSHIP
▪ LEO Capacity:  45,000 kg
▪ GTO Capacity:  13,000 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $70MM
▪ Blue Origin is planning to ramp to 
12 missions per year.  The first 
missions were in 2025▪ LEO Capacity:  13,000kg
▪ GTO Capacity: 1,500 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $50MM
▪ First stage reusable rocket
▪ Fully reusable
▪ Mid-2025 debut, ramping to 20 -
30 missions per year ▪ LEO Capacity:  100,000kg
▪ GTO Capacity: 50,000 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  TBD
▪ Fully reusable
246COMMERCIAL 
SPACE LAUNCH 
MARKET
▪ The commercial launch market 
has several key providers, with 
new competitors entering to 
compete


--- Page 247 ---
ULA ATLAS ULA VULCAN CENTAUR ISRO LVM 3
▪ LEO Capacity:  18,850 kg
▪ GTO Capacity:  8,900 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $110MM
▪ ULA has launched about 5 -10 
Atlas V missions annually, 
although Atlas is being phased 
out and replaced by Centaur▪ LEO Capacity:  27,200kg
▪ GTO Capacity: 13,000 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $82MM
▪ ULA hopes to fly 20 launches per 
year▪ LEO Capacity:  10,000kg
▪ GTO Capacity: 4,300 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $60MM
▪ The rocket was first launched in 
2017.  The vehicle has launched 7 
times with a 100% success rate
247COMMERCIAL 
SPACE LAUNCH 
MARKET
▪ The commercial launch market 
has several key providers, with 
new competitors entering to 
compete


--- Page 248 ---
ARIANE 6 ANTARES JAXA H -IIA
▪ LEO Capacity:  21,650 kg
▪ GTO Capacity:  11,500 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $115MM
▪ Inaugural launch in June 2024
▪ Designed to do 12 launches per 
year▪ LEO Capacity:  8,000kg
▪ GTO Capacity: N/A
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $80MM
▪ Northrop Grumman’s rocket can 
do 2 -3 launches per year▪ LEO Capacity:  10,000kg
▪ GTO Capacity: 4,000 kg
▪ Cost Per Launch:  $90MM
▪ The primary Japanese rocket, 
which will be succeeded by the 
H3.  JAXA typically has launch 
capacity of 4 -6 missions per year.  
The H3 is expected to have a 
higher cadence and lower cost
248COMMERCIAL 
SPACE LAUNCH 
MARKET
▪ The commercial launch market 
has several key providers, with 
new competitors entering to 
compete


--- Page 249 ---
LAUNCH 
MARKET
▪ The commercial launch market 
has significant capacity coming 
online.  Notably, ULA and Blue 
Origin have launch vehicles that 
will provide significant capacity to 
meet the demands of customers 
such as ASTS
249


--- Page 250 ---
LAUNCH 
MARKET 
CAPACITY BY 
VEHICLE
▪ The fairing envelope is the area 
where cargo is stored
▪ Notably, ULA has large launch 
vehicles that are set to start 
commercial operations
250


--- Page 251 ---
STARSHIP
▪ SpaceX has a roadmap to 
continue expanding the capacity 
of Starship with larger boosters
251


--- Page 252 ---
REGULATION 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 253 ---
254REGULATORY PROCESSUS REGULATORY PROCESS GLOBAL REGULATORY PROCESS
▪While ASTS is not beholden to US regulators for providing access in foreign countries, 
the US is rightly regarded as a key market whose precedents are often followed by 
foreign markets. ASTS has been engaged in various regulatory work streams in the 
US over the past years as it sought to initially launch its Bluewalker -3 prototype 
satellite and now looks to deploy its full constellation 
▪Key work streams include the fronthaul spectrum lease and waiver, backhaul 
spectrum sharing, orbital debris and re -entry risks, and U.S. market access
▪In its request for approval of fronthaul as part of its U.S. market access petition, ASTS 
took a novel approach by requesting a waiver as part of a spectrum lease agreement 
with AT&T. This addresses the wireless terrestrial frequencies used to provide end -
user services
▪ASTS originally filed a petition that included the terrestrial frequencies. However, an 
amendment on October 28, 2020, simplified the request to only the V -band feeder 
link, leaving the provision of service to handsets subject to separate lease 
agreements that would be filed independently.  ASTS expects to receive approval to 
use those lease agreements for fronthaul terrestrial frequencies via the FCC’s newly 
enacted Supplement Coverage from Space (“SCS”) rules▪As of October 2021, ASTS had received regulatory approval in six countries, covering 
a population of over 360 million people. In many foreign countries, the regulatory 
process to start service is much simpler than in the U.S. (although not 
homogeneous). ASTS is able to commence its services abroad without FCC approval
▪For instance, ASTS swiftly received test licenses in Japan, Colombia, Kenya, Nigeria, 
the Philippines, India, and Indonesia. In these markets, and many others, ASTS has 
MNO partners holding Universal Licenses for their spectrum. Such licenses provide 
blanket approvals for the use of spectrum, including for use as supplemental 
coverage from satellites
▪A Universal License is a regulatory approach employed by numerous countries that 
grants a telecom operator the flexibility to offer a broad array of services under a 
single license. This obviates the need for separate licenses for different service types. 
Universal Licenses typically permit the licensee to provide a diverse range of services, 
including mobile, fixed -line, broadband, and satellite communications
▪Countries that utilize the Universal Licensing approach notably include India, the 
European Union, Nigeria, South Africa, the United Arab Emirates, Malaysia, 
Singapore, and Australia
▪The investment thesis hinges on the expectation of market access in regions with Universal License regimes, coupled with a st rong anticipation that ASTS will secure all necessary 
clearances in the U.S.  All indications suggest ASTS is set to receive all necessary U.S. regulatory grants
▪It was expected that the FCC would refrain from granting waivers to a satellite project until it had secured full funding, pa rtner commitments, and is nearing completion. This 
approach contributes to heightened suspense and uncertainty leading up to the FCC's final approval for ASTS’s project
▪Furthermore, the FCC is likely motivated to avoid premature approvals of applications and waivers that risk spectrum lock -up and  project stagnation.  The FCC wants to ensure 
spectrum is utilized efficiently and granted to viable projects

--- Page 254 ---
255US REGULATORY 
FRAMEWORKOVERVIEW
▪AST Spacemobile is navigating the US regulatory process to secure the necessary approvals for its constellation of satellites . This process involves the Federal 
Communications Commission (FCC), responsible for regulating the use of radio frequencies and satellite operations in the Unit ed States.  The key regulatory Steps 
include:
1.Authorization for Non -Geostationary Orbit (NGSO) Fixed Satellite Service (FSS) System: AST Spacemobile has filed a petition with  the FCC (Docket Number: GN 23 -
65, IB Docket 22 -271) seeking authorization to construct and operate its NGSO FSS system, consisting of 243 (260 including orbit al spares) LEO satellites.
2.Spectrum Authorization: AST Spacemobile has filed additional petitions with the FCC (Docket Numbers: IB Docket 21 -356, IB Docket  22-226, IB Docket 22 -227) 
requesting authorization to use specific spectrum bands for its satellite services
▪Applications are considered in the context of the issues outlined below
INNOVATION PUBLIC INTERESTSAFETY & 
COMPLIANCE FEASIBILITY COMPETITION
•The applicant must 
demonstrate that the 
satellite constellation 
will provide new or 
improved services to 
consumers and promote 
economic development
•ASTS’ technology 
represents a significant 
innovation in D2D 
connectivity, potentially 
transforming the 
telecommunications 
landscape•The applicant must 
demonstrate that the 
constellation will serve 
the public interest and 
that it will not harm the 
environment
•The Spacemobile service 
could enhance 
connectivity for 
underserved regions, 
contributing to the 
public good•ASTS must comply with 
rigorous safety 
standards, including 
orbital debris mitigation 
and spectrum sharing 
requirements to prevent 
interference with other 
satellite services
•The Company has 
provided all related 
studies, both theoretical 
(debris) and related to 
spectrum interference 
(actual test data)•An application should 
demonstrate technical 
and financial viability to 
complete the project 
within the FCC’s 
deployment deadlines
•ASTS has provided 
testing data from its 
BW-3 satellite, with 3rd 
party studies. ASTS has 
been successfully flying 
the BW -3 satellite for 
over one year.  Financial 
feasibility is expected 
shortly•The competitive impact 
of the constellation 
should be assessed to 
ensure no anti -
competitive behavior 
exists
•There is no assertion by 
anyone that ASTS’ 
constellation would be 
harmful to competition.  
To the contrary, the 
constellation would 
greatly expand access to 
broadband services

--- Page 255 ---
US MARKET ACCESS
FRONTHAUL 
SPECTRUM SHARING
SCS Rulemaking
Backhaul Spectrum 
Sharing Rulemaking▪ASTS filed its US Market Access application on April 13, 2020.  Receiving US Market Access consists 
mostly of getting the backhaul grant and addressing orbital debris and re -entry risks
▪AST only seeks direct FCC approval to operate feeder links on V -band frequencies under Parts 25 and 
§2.106 to operate on a non -interference, non -protected basis on 42 -42.5 GHz and 45.5 -47 GHz
▪ASTS has submitted a waiver application to lease spectrum from AT&T, which was announced in May 
2023.  ASTS has applied for a waiver to receive approval in order not to be delayed by the SCS 
Rulemaking process, where it has also filed its comments.  A new lease agreement will be filed to 
take into account the VZ spectrum that was added to provide a continuous band of nationwide 
spectrum
▪The request is file number 0010538588
▪Pursuant to the FCC’s new rules to address D2D satellite technologies, ASTS submitted comments to 
address its concerns.  Notice for the proposed rulemaking was announced April 12, 2023.  Comments 
were closed June 12, 2023.  ASTS has a parallel path process with its Spectrum Lease waiver.  Filings 
are under Docket 23 -65
▪Almost all industry comments (MNO’s, rural associations, and even SpaceX) voiced comments that 
mirrored ASTS’ and urge the FCC to modify the proposed SCS rules
▪Spectrum rulemaking that could be used for ASTS’ Q/V band backhaul is currently in rulemaking 
under FCC docket 21 -456.  The FCC is proposing to simplify rules and provide guidance so there is a 
clear methodology for LEO constellations to gain access to spectrum
▪ASTS is participating in a licensing round, which is on pause awaiting new rules
256FCC REGULATORY TRACKS

--- Page 256 ---
US MKT ACCESS
257US MARKET ACCESS
FRONTHAUL SCS NPRM BACKHAUL▪ ASTS filed its Petition for a 
Declaratory Ruling for a Non -US-
Licensed Non -Geostationary Orbit 
Satellite Constellation on April 9, 
2020 with the call sign S3065
▪ ASTS’s petition seeks to use V -band 
frequencies for gateway 
communications (37.5 – 42.5 GHz for 
gateway downlink, 45.5 -47, 47.2 -
50.2, and 50.4 -51.4 GHz for gateway 
uplink) and to use certain 3GPP 
frequencies provided by its MNO 
partners.  ASTS subsequently 
amended its petition to only focus on 
the feeder links and sought to bypass 
approval for spectrum related to 
terrestrial services using lease 
agreements
▪ ASTS requests waivers to operate on 
bands not allocated internationally 
for their proposed operations, as 
well as requests to receive FCC 
waivers from the FCC’s mutual 
exclusivity and processing round 
rules.  ASTS also seeks non -
conforming use of a band allocated 
to wireless licensees in the US ▪INTERFERENCE:  Adjacent license holders are 
concerned about the possibility of interference 
on nearb y frequencies.  Many initial responses to 
the Petition requesting denial homed in on the 
possibility of interference as the key blocking 
point
▪V-BAND USE:   ASTS’ request to use V -band 
frequencies currently reserved for Fixed and 
Mobile Services introduces the novel concept of 
using those frequencies for satellite operations.  
Companies such as Boeing object to ASTS’ use 
of waiver to sidestep a formal process round.  
The prior V -band processing round was March 1, 
2017
▪TERRESTRIAL BAND USE:  ASTS amended its original 
Petition to state that it will “operate in the 
spectrum allocated to terrestrial services” 
through “lease agreements with terrestrial 
licensees.  Competitors argue that ASTS is 
seeking to use those spectrums in a 
fundamentally different use case than intended 
by the FCC
PARTNER SUPPORT INDUSTRY CONCERNS
▪https://fcc.report/IBFS/SAT -LOI-20200413 -00034

--- Page 257 ---
US MKT ACCESS
258US MARKET ACCESS
FRONTHAUL SCS NPRM BACKHAUL▪ On March 11, 2024, ASTS updated its 
U.S. Market Access application to 
license its system in the U.S. and the 
FCC officially accepted the 
application for comment on April 
2024.  ASTS’s application went 
unopposed, which is rare. It came at 
a time when ASTS was more vocal 
about its multiple DoD and US 
Government use cases
▪ Subsequently, the FCC sent notice to 
the ITU regarding spectrum 
coordination.  The submission of a 
coordination request by the FCC to 
the ITU on behalf of a satellite 
operator like AST SpaceMobile is a 
significant step that reflects the FCC's 
procedural requirements for satellite 
communications operations that 
intend to access the U.S. market
▪ Registration or acknowledgment by 
the FCC does not necessarily mean 
full approval or licensure for 
operation (yet) but indicates that the 
satellite system is recognized as a 
U.S. system for the purposes of 
international filings and coordinationFCC ITU Filing COMMENT PERIOD
▪https://fcc.report/IBFS/SAT -LOI-20200413 -00034


--- Page 258 ---
US MKT ACCESS
259US MARKET ACCESS
FRONTHAUL SCS NPRM BACKHAUL▪ On August 2, 2024, ASTS received an 
order from the FCC granting the 
Company’s application to launch and 
operate Block 1
▪ ASTS is authorized to operate in the 
following bands: 
▪Space -to-Earth: 37.5 -42 GHz
▪Earth -to-space: 47.2 -50.2 GHz 
and 50.4 -51.4 GHz
▪TT&C: 430 -440 MHz, 2025 -2110 
MHz, and 2200 -2290 MHz
▪ The FCC has deferred the application 
of an additional 243 satellites and 
the use of additional frequency 
bands, especially those allocated to 
terrestrial services for SCS.  As of 
August 2024, it is expected ASTS is 
going to refile its SCS application to 
include spectrum from Verizon
▪ Interestingly for SpaceX, the FCC 
emphasizes the need to limit 
interference.  SpaceX is currently 
unable to meet the interference 
thresholds with its own proposed SCS 
serviceFCC Order
▪https://docs.fcc.gov/public/attachments/DA -24-756A1.pdf


--- Page 259 ---
US MKT ACCESS
260US MARKET ACCESS
FRONTHAUL SCS NPRM BACKHAUL▪ On September 5, 2025, the FCC put ASTS’s 
service link application on public notice
▪ 248 satellites approved for review, which 
builds on the 25 satellites that have received 
backhaul approval
▪ The application locks in AT&T spectrum (AT&T: 
800 MHz + Lower 700 MHz spectrum), Verizon 
spectrum (800 MHz spectrum), and FirstNet 
spectrum (758 –768 / 788 –798 MHz (Band 14, 
public safety))
▪ The filings request FCC waivers to enable SCS 
on ordinary smartphones (no special 
hardware) and provide coverage to all 
geographic areas including rural/remote zones.
▪ FirstNet’s involvement is important: it signals 
AST’s role in U.S. emergency communications 
infrastructure This kicks off the final regulatory 
process before commercial clearance.
▪https://docs.fcc.gov/public/attachments/DA -25-815A1.pdf


--- Page 260 ---
261FRONTHAUL SPECTRUM SHARING
▪ AT&T has urged the FCC to 
pursue a waiver -based approach 
managed by the Wireless 
Telecommunications Bureau 
(“WTB”) instead of modifying the 
U.S. Table of Frequency 
Allocations (“ToFA””) and 
adopting a rigid set of rules in the 
proposed SCS rules
▪ ASTS believes a waiver is justified 
because its service would not 
preclude others from frequencies 
that would therefore be granted 
to ASTS on a first -come, first -
served basis.  Instead, the 
proposed frequencies are already 
licensed exclusively to AT&T
▪ AT&T filed with the FCC an 80 -
page document listing the market 
area and frequencies of each 
spectrum band to be leased to 
ASTS
▪ ASTS separately filed a 
comprehensive 3rd party report 
regarding beam -forming and 
avoidance of interferenceUS MKT ACCESS FRONTHAUL SCS NPRM BACKHAUL
▪https://wireless2.fcc.gov/UlsApp/ApplicationSearch/applAdmin.jsp?applID=13961640#

--- Page 261 ---
262SCS RULEMAKING
▪ The FCC’s Notice of Proposed 
Rule Making (“NPRM”) for 
Supplemental Coverage from 
Space (“SCS”) regulatory 
framework proposed that 
operations occur only on 
spectrum that is held exclusively 
by an operator on a nation -wide 
basis and eliminated almost all 
sub 1 GHz spectrum and 
specifically eliminated FirstNet 
spectrum from SCS consideration
▪ The final rules adopted on May 
30, 2024 were modified to meet 
the needs of ASTS, specifically 
with the inclusion of FirstNet 
Spectrum 
▪ It should be noted that DoD and 
Government use cases use 
federal spectrum, which is not 
under the authority of the FCC 
but instead under the NTIA.  ASTS 
could have authorizations that 
are not publicly knownUS MTK ACCESS FRONTHAUL SCS NPRM BACKHAULASTS Comments
▪SPECTRUM :  As drafted, the NPRM forecloses on 
SCS unless using spectrum exclusively licensed to 
a single terrestrial operator.  ASTS also pointed 
out that the FCC had dispensed with the 700 
MHz Band 14 that is used by FirstNet, which 
would preclude first responders from getting SCS 
services
▪ASTS argues that applicants should be able to 
demonstrate they can comply with existing 
terrestrial service rules and protect co -channels.  
▪Specifically, ASTS’ beam -forming technology 
allows it to operate on a patchwork of spectrum; 
very few operators hold nationwide blocks of 
spectrum
▪ASTS also highlights that excluding the FirstNet 
spectrum is completely at odds with the policy 
goals of the FCC
▪Notably, AT&T quickly filed Ex Parte filings 
supporting ASTS’ position
▪It is also noteworthy that SpaceX supported 
ASTS’ position on allowing flexible use of 
spectrum and delegating terrestrial spectrum 
use rights to negotiations between the MNO and 
the SCS service providerAT&T Response
▪https://www.fcc.gov/edocs/search -results?t=quick&dockets=23 -65

--- Page 262 ---
263SCS RULEMAKING
▪ In August 2024, the FCC 
published a summary of the SCS 
rules and clearly delineated the 
process that will allow ASTS to 
file its joint application with AT&T 
and Verizon.  ASTS will have a 
Multiple Co -Channel Terrestrial 
License on account of its 
spectrum leases with AT&T and 
Verizon
▪ The FCC also reaffirmed the strict 
requirements around 
interference.  ASTS has proven it 
has met those requirements 
while SpaceX/Starlink has 
revealed in its filings that it is 
unable to meet the requirements.  
Initially, Starlink asked for a 
waiver but subsequently has 
provided a request to change the 
rules to allow for its systemUS MTK ACCESS FRONTHAUL SCS NPRM BACKHAULFCC Rule Permitting ASTS Leases AT&T Response
▪https://www.fcc.gov/edocs/search -results?t=quick&dockets=23 -65


--- Page 263 ---
264BACKHAUL PROPOSED RULEMAKING
▪ The FCC is refining its rules for non -geostationary satellite orbit, fixed satellite 
service (“NGSO FSS”) systems due to the unprecedented increase in LEO 
constellation proposals
▪ The FCC issued the Second Report and Order to refine spectrum -sharing rules 
for non -geostationary satellite orbit (NGSO) fixed -satellite service (FSS) systems. 
This action is part of the Commission’s ongoing effort to update policies for 
rapidly evolving broadband satellite technologies. These systems, operating in 
low- and medium -Earth orbits, provide broadband services with lower latency 
and wider coverage compared to traditional geostationary satellites.
▪ The rule builds on prior frameworks by addressing the interaction between 
systems authorized in different processing rounds:  Earlier -round systems are 
those approved in earlier FCC licensing cycles.  Later -round systems, such as 
potential new entrants like AST SpaceMobile ($ASTS), are those authorized in 
subsequent processing rounds.  The rule introduces specific interference 
protection criteria to balance the protection of established systems while 
fostering competition and innovation among new entrants.  The rules require 
good -faith coordination between earlier and later -round systems, ensuring that 
earlier -round operators cannot unreasonably block AST's market entry. This 
creates a structured mechanism to facilitate AST's deployment
▪ ASTS is currently in a spectrum processing round that has not yet closed (FCC 
DA-21-941)
▪ The Report & Order was put on public circulation October 4, 2024 with approval 
on November 15, 2024US MKT ACCESS FRONTHAUL SCS NPRM BACKHAUL
https://www.fcc.gov/document/fcc -revises -satellite -system -spectrum -sharing -rules -0


--- Page 264 ---
INTERNATIONAL REGULATIONS▪ Canada provides an example of where rules set by the FCC are potentially ready to be 
harmonized by other countries to ensure a uniform set of rules
▪ AST SpaceMobile Position:  
▪Uniform PFD Limit: Advocates for a single, uniform Power Flux Density (PFD) limit of -
120 dBW/m² per MHz for SMCS, consistent with U.S. FCC standards, to ensure cross -
border harmonization and protect terrestrial networks from interference, especially in 
urban areas
▪Technical Compatibility: Asserts that current mobile device technical standards 
adequately support SMCS operations, allowing these systems to work with existing 
equipment
▪Out-of-Band Emission (OOBE): Supports a uniform OOBE PFD limit to protect mobile 
network capacity, particularly in densely populated regions, warning that relaxing this 
limit could impair urban mobile services
▪Cross -Border Protection: Recommends ISED adopt FCC field strength limits (40 and 47 
dBuV/m) to harmonize protections with the U.S. and safeguard mobile network 
operations in both countries
▪ Starlink Position:
▪Opposition to Uniform PFD Limit: Opposes a single PFD limit for SMCS, instead 
supporting band -specific limits based on ITU’s interference protection threshold ( -6 dB 
I/N), arguing this approach better addresses interference concerns
▪Band -Specific Approach: Suggests that ISED’s Standard Radio System Plans already 
employ band -specific limits for mobile bands and supports this method, which accounts 
for frequency differences in interference management
▪Operator Coordination: Emphasizes the importance of operator -to-operator 
coordination for effective interference resolution, with a focus on mutual arrangements 
for co -frequency and adjacent block operations
▪Flexible Interference Management: Advocates for a flexible approach to interference 
management, allowing SMCS services to develop without excessive restrictions, with 
SMCS providers required to address only actual harmful interference as needed, 
maintaining SMCS’s secondary status265


--- Page 265 ---
BLUEWALKER 3 
FCC EXAMPLE
▪ BW-3 provides an example of the 
FCC timing and permit grant 
process, which tends to 
accelerate as critical launch dates 
approach
▪ With Call Sign WL2XRE, the BW -3 
satellite received its FCC 
Experimental License on May 2, 
2022 in front of a “Summer 
2022” scheduled launch
266
▪https://fcc.report/ELS/AST -Science -LLC/1059 -EX-CN-2020“Summer 2022” Launch windowASTS BW -3 APPROVAL

--- Page 266 ---
BLOCK 1 FCC 
EXAMPLE
▪ Block 1 provides another example 
of the FCC timing and permit 
grant process, which tends to 
accelerate as critical launch dates 
approach
▪ With Call Sign S -3065, the Block 1 
satellites received its FCC 
Experimental License on August 
2, 2024 in front of a September 
launch
267

--- Page 267 ---
ORBITAL DEBRIS MITIGATION STRATEGY▪ On September 29, 2022, the FCC adopted a new “5 -
Year Rule” for deorbiting satellites and requires 
satellites to deorbit within 5 years after completing 
their mission operations (vs. the previous 25 -year 
guideline ).  The rule provides a 2 -year transition period 
to come into compliance.  ASTS’s Block 1 should be 
exempt from the rule with a targeted launch in Q3 
2024.  ASTS’s Block 2 would need to be compliant
▪ ASTS’s design entails carrying sufficient propellant to 
provide a deorbit maneuver at end -of-life to lower the 
satellite to an altitude of ~400 km, at which point the 
array can be pitched with magnet torquers that can 
control the exposed surface array, throttling drag.  A 
detailed plan for BW -3 was disclosed showing 4 -years
▪ ASTS’s original petition from April 2020 disclosed a 2 -
year deorbit plan with risk mitigation due to insertion in 
lower orbits for new spacecraft.  The July 2023 Petition 
Amendment references letters reasserting that original 
petition from July 2020 was accurate 
▪ A risk -based assessment of deorbit forecasts 6 -years 
from 735 km (note that BW -3 was injected into an orbit 
of roughly ~515 km).  The 96% success rate for 
propulsive deorbit in six years indicates a strong effort 
towards compliance (and depending on altitude 
adjustments, likely complies).  The FCC's rules for 
satellite deorbiting do not specify a confidence interval 
that operators must meet; satellite operators must 
design their missions so that they can reasonably 
assure compliance with the post -mission disposal 
timeframe
▪ Systems that seek to operate in the US or launch from 
the US are subject to the rules268
FCC 5 -YEAR RULE
 ASTS ADDITOINAL ORBITAL DEBRIS ANALYSIS
ASTS ORIGINAL ORBITAL DEBRIS ANALYSIS
BW-3 DEORBIT PLAN


--- Page 268 ---
269NASA CONCERNSNASA 
▪On October 29, 2020 NASA filed a letter in response to ASTS’ Petition for US Market 
Access where it highlighted around orbital debris and collision risks
▪Potential Collision Risk : NASA is worried about the increased conjunction events due 
to ASTS' proposed satellite constellation, which is to be placed in an orbit densely 
populated with debris and near NASA's A -Train satellite group. The "A -Train" 
(Afternoon Train) is a satellite constellation composed of several international Earth -
observing satellites orbiting in close proximity along the same orbital track.  The A -
Train constellation includes satellites from NASA, the United States Geological Survey 
(USGS), and international partners such as the French Space Agency (CNES) and the 
Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA)
▪Conjunction Assessment : NASA emphasizes the need for ASTS' constellation to have 
a sophisticated Conjunction Assessment (CA) and mitigation process to manage the 
high risk of collisions, especially given the size of ASTS' satellites and their proximity 
to the A -Train
▪Mitigation Strategies : The letter suggests ASTS should ensure higher spacecraft 
reliability and powered descents for end -of-life maneuvers to avoid lingering debris 
that could impact the A -Train orbit
▪Orbit Reconsideration : Due to the large size of ASTS' satellites and the high potential 
for debris generation, NASA recommends considering an alternative orbit, preferably 
below the A -Train constellation, for better safety management
▪Cumulative Collision Risk : Analysis shows a very high collision risk, far exceeding 
standard thresholds. NASA suggests detailed PMD (post -mission disposal) reliability 
studies to mitigate risks
▪Engagement and Best Practices : NASA is open to further engagement with ASTS to 
discuss these concerns in detail and supports the development of best practices for 
managing large satellite constellations
NASA & ASTS Cooperation Agreement

--- Page 269 ---
ASTS INCLUDED IN 3GPP RELEASE -19▪ On October 31, 2025, ASTS 
announced that its L - and S - band 
RF & conformance packages are 
now stabilized in the 3GPP 
Release -19
▪ ASTS’s bands L and S profiles are 
on the 3GPP industry 
specifications will be supported 
by all major smartphone 
manufacturers as a result of the 
inclusion in the 3GPP standards
▪ Block 1 and Block 2 satellites will 
support terrestrial low band 
spectrum (below 1 GHz) which all 
3B+ existing smartphones already 
support
▪ ASTS’ L -band is supported in all 
flagship 5G chipsets since 2021, 
such as Snapdragon X65+, Apple 
A15, Exynos 2200+, MediaTek 
Dimensity 9000+
▪ ASTS’s S -Band spectrum is 
supported in most 5G chipsets 
since 2022 -2023
270


--- Page 270 ---
COMPETITION 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 271 ---
COMPETITIVE 
LANDSCAPE
▪ The competitive landscape can be 
broadly defined as satellite 
connectivity, but more narrowly 
defined by segments based on 
end-user terminal requirements
▪ ASTS is likely to cannibalize 
significant demand from direct 
satellite mobile with specialized 
terminals as well as eat into fixed 
broadband demand.  Ultimately, 
ASTS is expected to grow the 
overall market272


--- Page 272 ---
SPECTRUM 
STRATEGIES
▪ There are two basic approaches 
to providing D2D satellite service:  
utilizing terrestrial spectrum or 
utilizing satellite spectrum
▪ Prior to recent FCC actions, the 
pathways to utilize terrestrial 
spectrum were uncharted, 
despite the incredible efficiencies 
of using such spectrum 
273TERRESTRIAL SPECTRUM EXISTING SATELLITE SPECTRUM
▪ Existing satellite spectrum, referred to as MSS, is 
permitted as such and is used on existing constellations
▪ Operators can get broad global coverage, but the high 
frequencies do not have the same propagation 
characteristics as low/mid -band terrestrial spectrum
▪ Services using MSS will require line of sight, specialized 
handset hardware and modifications, and result in very 
limited bandwidth
▪ The Apple / Globalstar solution is an example of an MSS -
based solution
▪ With the purchase of Ligado and EchoStar spectrum, 
ASTS and SpaceX, respectively, have adopted a hybrid 
approach of utilizing MNO spectrum and owned 
spectrum▪ New purpose -built solutions for D2D envision utilizing 
existing terrestrial spectrum already owned by MNOs
▪ Terrestrial spectrum is already supported by existing devices 
and utilizes more favorable spectrum bands that support 
indoor use and will not require clear line -of-sight of the 
satellites
▪ The challenges include, but are not limited, to the fact that 
this approach has never been pursued and the regulatory 
pathway was uncertain up until specific rule making taken 
by the FCC (and recently adopted) provided a roadmap for 
such services
▪ AST Spacemobile has led the way in bringing a terrestrial -
based spectrum network to the market, and was soon 
followed by Starlink, although the latter presently only 
supports high frequency spectrum due to the limited size of 
its satellites 

--- Page 273 ---
COMPETITION OVERVIEW
SPACEX
IRIDIUM
GLOBALSTAR
SKYLO▪Similar to ASTS, SpaceX (Starlink) will use its partners' spectrum, which will allow existing smartphones to 
use the service
▪SpaceX already had a large Starlink constellation in orbit and a demonstrated ability of bringing services 
online.  Starlink has demonstrated emergency services and texting on its recently launched D2D offering
▪Initial bandwidth was announced at 2 -4 Mbps per cell, which will result in very low speeds for individual 
users
▪Iridium infamously brought satellite phones into the public domain roughly 25 years ago only to file for Ch. 
11 but has been initially dismissive of the D2D opportunity until recently.  The company will update 
investors in September 2023 about its plans
▪Iridium’s strategy relied on using its L -Band spectrum; its partnership with Qualcomm collapsed, leaving 
Iridium scrambling to put an alternative D2D initiative to market.  The Company appears to not have a 
viable response and its legacy business is highly exposed to competitive pressure from ASTS
▪GSAT’s strategy relies on using its own spectrum to provide services.  However, it’s L -Band and S -Band 
spectrum has not historically been embedded in chipsets
▪The Company announced a deal with Apple to enable SOS Emergency and text services in combination 
with a large investment by Apple to customize its devices with a specialized chip set.  Capacity and 
functionality is limited to SOS services and texting
▪Globalstar would require a new constellation to offer comparable services to ASTS
▪In early 2023, ViaSat, Ligado, and Skylo designed a non -binding MOU to offer D2D satellite services via 
Ligado’s SkyTerra satellite network.  Skylo is backed by Softbank and operates its own 3GPP standards -
based NTN RAN and Core
▪Skylo has signed an agreement with Verizon to provide texting services on specialized devices
274

--- Page 274 ---
SPACEX / STARLINK▪ Starlink, owned by SpaceX, 
already has a large constellation 
to provide fixed broadband to 
specialized terminals.  However, 
Starlink is planning to deploy 
7,500 of its 2nd Generation 
satellites to provide D2C services
▪ Starlink intends to operate in the 
1990 – 1995 MHz (space to earth) 
and 1910 – 1915 MHz (earth to 
space) bands, which are 
frequencies controlled by T -
Mobile
▪ Starlink has partnerships with T -
Mobile (US), Optus (Australia), 
Rogers (Canada), One NZ (New 
Zealand), KDDI (Japan), SALT 
(Switzerland), Entel (Chile), and 
Entel (Peru)
▪ Starlink tested its initial satellites 
in October 2024 in the aftermath 
of large hurricanes 
▪ SpaceX utilized its Swarm 
acquisition to address the DTC 
market after Swarm’s IoT 
business plan was all but dead.  
SpaceX acquired Swarm primarily 
for its VHF spectrum to use for 
TT&C operations.  The DTC team 
is the repurposed Swarm team
275PRODUCT OVERVIEW COMPETITIVE THREAT
▪ The Starlink D2D service is going to be SMS and 
eventually voice/data and will need clear line -
of-sight to the sky for access
▪ Starlink has successfully tested text messaging 
services with its D2D satellites
▪ However, Starlink is constrained to a 5 MHz 
channel of S -band spectrum, which limits 
speed and usability and has to overcome 
interference issues▪ Starlink is a formidable competitor and 
benefits from full vertical integration through 
launch and an ability to pair arrays with the 
existing Starlink constellation
▪ However, the service will not be comparable 
from a service -level standpoint until Starship is 
operational to launch much larger arrays▪The Starlink D2D satellites were developed with custom silicon onboard the satellite with a 2.7 m x 2.3 m phased array to acc omm odate the 
higher link budget required to communicate to an unmodified cell phone. Starlink utilizes spec trum in the 1.6 – 2.7 GHz range.  Starlink can 
utilize a smaller array thank ASTS, all else equal, because for an antenna array to effectively transmit or receive signals, its physical 
dimensions should be comparable to the wavelength of the signals. In general, larger arrays are required to effectively opera te at lower 
frequencies (longer wavelengths) because the physical dimensions of the array elements need to be larger to achieve proper ra diation 
patterns and gain
▪Starlink’s limit to using 2 GHz band spectrum limits the type of service that can be provided. In general, higher frequency b ands like the 2 
GHz band can support higher data rates and larger capacity due to the availability of larger bandwidth allocations. This can enable faster data 
transfer and accommodate more simultaneous users or devices.  However, lower frequency bands like the 800 MHz band typically have 
better range and penetration capabilities compared to higher frequency bands. Signals at lower frequencies can propagate over  longer 
distances and penetrate obstacles like buildings and foliage more effectively.  This can make lower frequency bands advantage ous for 
providing wider coverage in rural or suburban areas. Higher frequency signals are more susceptible to attenuation, meaning th ey can be 
absorbed or scattered by obstacles in the environment. This can result in reduced signal strength and coverage in urban envir onm ents with 
buildings, trees, or other obstructions. Lower frequency signals generally exhibit less attenuation and can maintain better s ignal quality over 
longer distances. Higher frequency bands are more prone to interference from various sources such as other wireless devices, atmospheric 
conditions, and physical obstacles. Lower frequency bands, on the other hand, tend to experience less interference and can pr ovide more 
reliable connections in crowded or congested areas
▪Starlink is not currently using a folding array, unlike ASTS.  For Starlink to build an array to use more flexible low -band spec trum, it would 
need to build a folding array in order to fit in a Falcon 9 faring, otherwise it must wait until it has an operational Starsh ip launch vehicle

--- Page 275 ---
276STARLINK D2DSTARLINK D2D
▪The current Starlink V2 design (for D2D) uses an array with 40 x 40 elements at 
8.8cm spacing.  The tight spacing is possible because it is designed for S -band, 
consistent with its T -Mobile partnership. The initial system, as confirmed by CEO Elon 
Musk, will only be able to support intermittent texting and likely require clear line of 
sight to the sky.  The same has been confirmed in the FAQs available on its MNO 
partner websites.  By comparison, ASTS’ arrays have 90 x 90 elements at 16.1 cm 
spacing, which can accommodate low band spectrum
▪Starlink will use spectrum that has worse propagation characteristics and more 
atmospheric attenuation.  The PCS spectrum used is narrow, which has implications 
for interference.  To make the system work, Starlink needs to use maximize power to 
generate enough bandwidth.  If interference mitigation requires lower power, the 
signal will decrease significantly with impact on total system throughput
▪Because Starlink does not want to engineer a complex folding array (consistent with 
faring restrictions on its current Falcon 9 launch vehicle), the fewer elements in the 
array result in in wider beams and lower beam directivity, which will result in more 
users sharing each beam (lower connectivity per connected user).  While low band 
spectrum offers excellent propagation characteristics and favorable link budgets, 
using such bands requires a large antenna.  Starlink addressed the challenges of 
engineering a large satellite by using higher terrestrial spectrum bands (1910 – 1915 
MHz and 1990 – 1995 MHz).  A potential issue is that these bands overlap with MSS 
bands and could present interference issues
▪The original technology was developed by Swarm for its IoT product and was the first 
US company to deploy satellites without regulatory approval.  It was never designed 
to work with unmodified cell phones using cellular spectrum and to do so would 
need to operate at high OOBE (out of band emissions) PDF (power flux density) limits


--- Page 276 ---
STARLINK 
CAPACIY 
LIMITATIONS 
▪ The initial Starlink D2D system 
will provide a fraction of the 
capacity of ASTS’s system
▪ Not only is each cell capable of 
materially less bandwidth, but 
each cell will be larger (and 
therefore shared with more 
users)
277


--- Page 277 ---
STARLINK 
VS 
ASTS
▪ The Starlink D2D system is 
fundamentally very different 
from the ASTS system due to the 
basic physics of the approaches
▪ Starlink will not seek to offer 
similar speeds as ASTS until 
Starship is functional because of 
the size of the array Starlink 
would need
278
ASTS STARLINK D2D

--- Page 278 ---
STARLINK 
VS 
ASTS
▪ A simple bandwidth per cell 
comparison does not adequately 
do justice to the difference in the 
systems’ architecture
▪ As Elon Musk publicly stated, the 
Starlink cells are large and 
therefore must be shared among 
many users while the ASTS cells 
are more narrow, leaving users 
with more bandwidth to share
279


--- Page 279 ---
STARLINK 
ARCHITECTURE
▪ Starlink has its gNodeB on the 
satellite, whereas ASTS utilizes a 
terrestrial gNodeB that allows 
MNOs to maintain data 
sovereignty 
▪ It is much easier to do MIMO 
(Multi -In, Multi -Out) from one 
single terrestrial gNodeB than 
from four separate gNodeB’s 
flying onboard different satellites
▪ MIMO capabilities are set to 
dramatically increase bandwidth 280ASTS STARLINK D2D


--- Page 280 ---
STARLINK 
INTERFERENCE
▪ A key attribute of ASTS’s 
technology is to reduce sidelobes, 
which is to maintain the strength 
of the beams while minimize 
interference -causing sidelobes
▪ Omnispace filed a complaint 
against Starlink to the FCC 
showing harmless interference 
and insisting on a ceasing of 
operations.  Starlink is using 
spectrum close to priority MSS 
spectrum281ASTS STARLINK D2D


--- Page 281 ---
STARLINK 
INTERFERENCE
▪ The difference in Starlink’s beam 
forming technology as compared 
to that of ASTS is clear when 
overlaid against each other
282
STARLINK BEAM PATTENS
▪ASTS has a beam with 5 -10 dB greater 
gain, which leads to better signal quality
▪ASTS has side lobes that are >20 dB less, 
which leads to less interference
▪ASTS has a narrower main beam, which 
leads to less interference
▪The Y -axis is on a log scale, which 
indicates that Starlink’s interference is 
10x that of ASTS

--- Page 282 ---
STARLINK 
INTERFERENCE
▪ The smaller array of Starlink 
allows for a less directive beam 
with wider cells and a wider area 
around the beam affected by 
interference 
▪ A higher directive beam (ASTS) 
allows for a smaller area affected 
by the main beam splash, more 
bandwidth per user and higher 
signal strength
283


--- Page 283 ---
STARLINK 
INTERFERENCE▪ SpaceX originally asked the FCC to waive Part 24 PCS rules, 
including OOBE limits, before specific rules for Supplemental 
Coverage from Space (SCS) were established. 
▪ The FCC adopted rules that were too restrictive for what SpaceX 
could ultimately support with its Swarm -based DTC solution. 
SpaceX requested a waiver because, without it, their satellites 
may not be able to operate effectively under the current rules. 
▪ Power Flux Density (PFD) is a measure of how much power from 
a radio signal is spread over a specific area. It is often used in the 
context of satellite communications and other radio frequency 
(RF) services to describe the amount of signal power that reaches 
a given area on the Earth's surface.  These limits help prevent the 
satellite's signals from interfering with terrestrial services (like 
mobile networks) that operate on adjacent or nearby frequencies
▪ PFD is measured in decibels relative to 1 watt (dBW), which is a 
logarithmic unit, per square meter per megahertz (MHz), 
indicating the power per unit area per unit frequency bandwidth.  
The decibel (dB) is a logarithmic unit used to describe ratios of 
power. dBW is specifically used to express power in reference to 
one watt, where 0 dBW is equal to 1 watt. Negative dBW values 
(like -120 dBW/m²/MHz) indicate power levels much lower than 
1 watt
▪ SpaceX requested a waiver from the FCC's out -of-band PFD limits 
to transmit in the PCS G Block spectrum. SpaceX proposed a less 
strict PFD limit of -110.6 dBW/m²/MHz instead of the FCC's limit 
of -120 dBW/m²/MHz, arguing that the stricter limit would be 
unnecessarily conservative and that their operations would still 
protect adjacent terrestrial services.  The waiver was received on 
March 7, 2025
▪ The FCC SCS rules were clear that SCS was a secondary user of 
terrestrial spectrum and therefore protect existing spectrum 
rights and minimize interference 
284BACKGROUND – FCC REQUIREMENT
STARLINK / T -MOBILE REQUEST


--- Page 284 ---
STARLINK 
INTERFERENCE
▪ Starlink’s technology has high 
OOBE emissions because of the 
wide sidelobes (ASTS’s curve 
looks more like a square, with 
minimal sidelobes)
▪ Starlink could address 
interference by lower the power 
of its system (at the cost of signal 
quality) or by using less spectrum 
(reducing throughput).  Both 
alternatives render the system 
functionally unusable 285▪Initial AT&T Objection to SpaceX May 23, 2023:  https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/document/1051863295121/1
▪SCS Rules:  https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2024/04/30/2024 -06669/single -network -future -supplemental -coverage -from -space -space -
innovation
▪Full SpaceX Docket:  https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/search -filings/results?q=(proceedings.name:(%2223 -135%22))
▪Verizon Petition to Deny August 12, 2024:  https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/document/1081205395437/1
▪AT&T Petition to Deny August 12, 2024:  https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/document/1081242986780/1
▪SpaceX Support of Waiver August 22, 2024:  https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/document/10823080475644/1
▪T-Mobile Support of Waiver August 22, 2024:  https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/document/1082399111373/1  
▪FCC Final Rules  August 23, 2024:  https://docs.fcc.gov/public/attachments/DA -24-858A1.pdf
▪Starlink Waiver March 7, 2025 :  https://docs.fcc.gov/public/attachments/DA -25-197A1.pdf
IMPACT OF INTERFERENCE MITIGATION
▪Currently, Starlink’s system interferes 
with adjacent bands▪Interference can be reduced by lower 
the power of the system, but at a 
potentially massive cost to signal 
quality
▪SpaceX notes that users at the cell’s 
edge would not be able to connect at 
all▪Interference can be mitigated by using 
most of the spectrum as a guard band, 
but at a cost of significantly lower 
system throughput

--- Page 285 ---
STARLINK 
TECHNICAL 
DATA 
IMPLICATIONS
▪ Starlink disclosed data that shows 
the difficulties they will 
experience with scaling their 
system as well as the large 
maintenance CAPEX intensity and 
launch opportunity cost
286
▪The constellation must operate at 
lower power as the fleet increases
▪Starlink disclosed several surprising pieces of data in its September 13, 2024, interference analysis. One of the key 
revelations was the number of satellites needed for full leverage. Due to issues with interference and power, Starlink 
must operate at a lower altitude of approximately 340 km compared to 500 km. As a result, the lower angles 
necessitate more satellites. Starlink disclosed that it needs 300 satellites for testing and 1,500 satellites for voice 
services. The lower altitude also decreases the lifespan of the satellites before de -orbiting, leading to increased 
maintenance costs (CAPEX) to maintain a viable constellation. This increase in maintenance CAPEX challenges the 
general business model and adds a large opportunity cost for SpaceX. The D2D satellite launches will consume 
capacity otherwise dedicated to Starlink's core fixed broadband business and third -party cargoes, which are highly 
cash -generative
▪The interference analysis also demonstrates that the Starlink system struggles to scale effectively. As more satellites 
are added, the constellation must operate at a lower power (defined by EIRP) to comply with regulatory Out -of-Band 
Emission (OOBE) thresholds. The table shows that for a given OOBE limit ( -120 dBW/m² /MHz in this case), the 
allowable satellite energy decreases from -59 dBW/Hz to -63.8 dBW/Hz. This reduction in power is necessary due to 
the cumulative interference caused by the increased number of satellites interacting with each other, which reduces 
overall beam strength across the constellation. As the fleet grows, the system’s performance declines, showing that 
scalability is a significant challenge

--- Page 286 ---
T-MOBILE 
CUSTOMER 
FEEDBACK
▪ The beta tests of the Starlink 
system are showing poor results 
and frustrated customers, even 
after receiving a waiver from the 
FCC to operate at higher power
▪ The moving cell architecture of 
Starlink causes frequent beam to 
beam handoffs and rapidly 
shifting cell IDs, which stresses 
the ability of devices to keep a 
stable link
287


--- Page 287 ---
STARLINK 
BUSINESS 
MODEL
▪ A more crucial difference 
between ASTS and Starlink is how 
the networks will operate from 
the perspective of the MNOs
▪ While ASTS will operate as a 
seamless network that integrates 
with the existing terrestrial 
network, Starlink disclosed that 
its system will operate 
independently from T -Mobile’s 
terrestrial system
288
▪Many of the valuable network redundancy benefits are lost when terrestrial and satellite systems operate 
independently. As noted above, T -Mobile disclosed that its system will function independently of Starlink’s system. 
According to the text, T -Mobile’s SCS arrangement with SpaceX ensures that the terrestrial and satellite networks 
will operate separately. This could reduce redundancy in coverage, as there will not be a seamless handoff between 
the two systems
▪In contrast, ASTS plans to integrate its satellite network seamlessly with existing terrestrial MNO (Mobile Network 
Operator) systems, allowing for redundant operation within an MNO’s existing guard bands. This means that a user’s 
device will automatically switch between satellite and terrestrial signals based on relative signal strength, ensuring a 
more seamless experience for the user, who won’t notice the transitions

--- Page 288 ---
STARLINK V3
▪ Starlink V3 is dependent on 
SpaceX’ Starship
▪ The satellite is expected to have 
an array of 5x7 meters, or 35 
meters2 and have 1,900 Kg of 
mass vs. the 575 Kg of the V2
289


--- Page 289 ---
STARLINK COMMERCIAL LICENSE▪ Starlink was granted the ability to 
operate in VLEO (very low earth 
orbit) of 340 -360 km.  
▪ Authorized to operate 7,500 
satellites
▪ Authorized to operate on T -
Mobile’s spectrum of 1910 -1915 
MHz and 1990 -1995 MHz bands 
within the United States (10MHz 
total) and outside the US, to 
operate on 1429 -2690 MHz
▪ Starlink’s request to get a waiver 
on the OOBE limit was deferred
290


--- Page 290 ---
INTERFERENCE 
BOUNDARIES
▪ Starlink is believed to require a 
100km buffer from international 
borders due to interference 
concerns. The blocks shown, 
while approximate, highlight the 
issue that arise in Europe.  Many 
countries would be inaccessible 
by Starlink due to the 100km 
buffer zones required, rendering 
the service unviable on the 
continent
291


--- Page 291 ---
ASTS TECHNICAL MOATS VS SPACEX
BEAMFORMINGMECHANICAL 
UNFURLING ASIC SOFTWARE CORE INTEGRATION
•ASTS uses advanced 
phased -array 
beamforming to focus 
signals on small phone 
antennas, compensating 
for Doppler shifts and 
lower power
•Patented protocols 
enable high -throughput 
links without phone 
modifications
•SpaceX has 
beamforming 
experience but has 
optimized its satellites 
for terminals; adapting 
for phones requires new 
algorithms and testing, 
risking patent 
infringement•ASTS’ mechanical 
engineering involves 
deploying massive 
foldable antennas in 
orbit for signal strength.  
Reliability in vacuum 
and temperature 
extremes is critical
•SpaceX deploys smaller 
structures and has to  
overcome patents•The custom AST5000 
chip processes 10 GHz 
of bandwidth and is 
radiation -hardened and 
works with low power 
consumption 
•While SpaceX designs 
chips, replicating ASTS’s 
mixed -signal RF chip for 
D2C applications 
demands specialized 
expertise and long time -
lines•ASTS has already 
developed a cellular -
specific stack (3GPP NTN 
compliant) and benefits 
from patents and first -
mover advantage.  The 
software handles orbital 
handovers, signal 
routing, and MNO 
integrations•ASTS has achieved MNO 
core network 
integration with key 
partners
•SpaceX has done an 
integration with T -
Mobile, but not into the 
network core, but 
instead a complex 
mating of two 
independent systems
•AST uses bent pipe, 
allowing it to be G -
agnostic and allowing 
upgrades to 6G+.  
Starlink uses 
regenerative 
architecture, with more 
specific networking 
hardware
292

--- Page 292 ---
IRIDIUM▪ The original Iridium (“IRDM”) 
business plan was conceived by 
Motorola in 1987 and ultimately 
filed for bankruptcy.  The original 
constellation was ultimately able to 
win government contracts and 
remain operational until the 
completion of the replacement 
constellation that operates today, 
the Iridium NEXT constellation
▪ The Iridium NEXT program was 
completed in 2019 (3 years delayed) 
at a cost of $3BN.  The NEXT 
constellation was built by Thales 
Alenia
▪ IRDM has a product suite that is 
highly tailored for numerous 
industry verticals, including aviation, 
first responders, energy, 
government, military, industrial, 
maritime, and personal use.  
▪ After a period of heavy CAPEX to 
build its NEXT constellation, IRDM 
has built its investment case to 
investors around a “CAPEX” holiday 
whereby it harvests its current 
product line -up to support share 
purchases and dividends.  As such, 
IRDM is relying heavily on a slow 
pace of overall industry innovation 
leaving it able to play “catch -up” at 
a later point without having lots its 
customer base
293PRODUCT OVERVIEW COMPETITIVE THREAT
▪ IRDM’s constellation can provide L -band 
speeds of 22 -88 Kbps for its mid -band service 
(Certus).  Large terminals generate speeds up 
to 704 Kbps
▪ Iridium has no D2C offering after its proposed 
partnership with Qualcomm was cancelled 
after phone manufacturers rejected the 
proposal of a proprietary chip -based solution▪ Although an incumbent, IRDM has a legacy 
constellation that is not capable of offering 
similar services to those envisioned by ASTS  
▪ Per the Company’s own disclosure, IRDM can 
only offer SOS messaging and would not invest 
in a new constellation until the early 2030s
▪ IRDM appears subject to the “innovator’s 
dilemma” and will focus on cash flow 
generation instead of growth investments▪IRDM’s growth is driven by its commercial business serving a diverse set of markets including emergency 
services, maritime, aviation, government, utilities, oil and gas, mining, recreation, forestry, heavy equipment, 
construction, railways and other transportation
▪The U.S. government, directly and indirectly, has been and continues to be IRDM’s largest single customer, 
generating $196.1 million in service and engineering and support service revenue, or 25% of total revenue, for 
the year ended December 31, 2023
▪IRDM’s network utilizes 8.725 MHz of contiguous spectrum in the L -band, which operates at 1.6 MHz
▪IRDM generated $535MM of Service Revenue in 2022, of which ~$200MM was from Commercial Voice 
services, which grew at 4.5%.  IRDM’s Commercial IoT business grew 11% to $125MM of revenue, while its 
Commercial Broadband business grew at 17% to $51MM, which includes its market share growth in maritime 
and aviation markets

--- Page 293 ---
294IRIDIUM PROJECT STARDUSTIRIDIUM D2D INITIATIVE:  PROJECT STARDUST
▪IRDM’s response to the D2D opportunity after its collaboration with Qualcomm was 
terminated was to launch “Project Stardust.”  As IRDM stated on its February 2024 
conference call, Project Stardust was unanticipated and a response after Qualcomm 
exited the partnership after, “people decided they didn’t want to buy Qualcomm’s 
new chips and preferred a standardized solution”
▪The Qualcomm proposal fell flat because smartphone vendors did not want to tie 
themselves to a dependency on Qualcomm or a proprietary solution
▪Stardust will not require specialized equipment on the phone, but  will require chip 
makers to integrate what is essentially new firmware into the smart phone 
processors.  Users are then expected to activate and access the Iridium satellite 
network through an app
▪Stardust requires just incremental investment in IRDM’s existing network to update 
its satellite software.  The enablement for consumers lies in the device chipsets.  
IRDM is in discussions with chip manufacturers to include its L -Band into devices
▪IRDM has disclosed that it is unable to accommodate the same terrestrial spectrum 
utilization that ASTS and Starlink are pursuing.  On the Company’s February 2024 
conference call, CEO Desch stated, “Our satellite system isn’t equipped to be able to 
reuse terrestrial spectrum without new satellites launched.  And we have no interest 
in doing that”


--- Page 294 ---
GLOBALSTAR▪ Globalstar (“GSAT”) is a legacy 
satellite operator that also owns 
mid-band satellite spectrum, with its 
latest constellation launched in 
2013.  Nearing the end of its useful 
life, GSAT has significant 
constellation renewal obligations in 
the coming years.  GSAT has ordered 
17 new satellites, built by MDA and 
Rocket Lab
▪ GSAT’s licensed MSS spectrum is on 
the L -band (8.725 MHz) and S -band 
(16.5 MHz.).  After its deal with 
Apple, GSAT retained 15% of its 
system capacity to support IoT 
growth
▪ Given its constellation limitations 
and use of high frequency spectrum, 
Globalstar is unlikely to provide a 
competitive D2D offering 
▪ In November 2022, Apple 
introduced Emergency SOS to its 
iPhone 14 lineup using MSS 
frequencies held by Globalstar.  The 
partnership was expanded on 
November 1, 2024  to fund a new 
constellation 
▪ The service required investments in 
infrastructure, hardware, feeder 
links, and software.  Apple had to 
introduce custom hardware 
components to optimize for satellite 
communications without a bulky 
antenna
295PRODUCT OVERVIEW COMPETITIVE THREAT
▪ Globalstar is providing the wholesale satellite 
capacity to facilitate Apple’s text messaging 
service that was introduced on its iPhone 14 
devices
▪ The service requires direct line -of-sight but can 
connect users to emergency services▪ GSAT has all but ceded the market for 
supporting Apple’s SOS service, with the 
Company’s remaining focus on utilizing its 15% 
network capacity for IoT and more 
importantly, monetizing its terrestrial Band 53 
spectrum


--- Page 295 ---
SKYLO▪ Skylo’s standards -based NTN is designed 
for mission -critical IoT applications that 
are out of range of cellular networks and 
require constant coverage
▪ Skylo is a next -generation, standards -
based satellite IoT solution that 
leverages existing, off -the-shelf cellular 
hardware to deliver satellite connectivity 
for IoT
▪ Verizon is allowing Skylo to work with 
select Google devices for SOS emergency 
messaging
▪ Skylo utilizes a very limited narrowband 
connection to allow for IoT that 
leverages existing GEO satellites to 
delivery intermittent service over L -band 
spectrum
▪ The service will have latency of 5 -15 
seconds and have packet sizes of 50 -256 
bytes per transmission.  The service will 
cost $6 per month
▪ Skylo also won a deal with Deutsche 
Telekom, which is notable in that T -
Mobile is a subsidiary of DT and is 
working with Starlink.  It is believed this 
highlights a key issue with interference 
generated by Starlink, especially in areas 
of the world with close international 
borders
296


--- Page 296 ---
HISTORICAL CON TEXT 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 297 ---
EARLY SATELLITE VENTURES - OVERVIEW
TELEDESIC ICO SKYBRIDGE IRIDIUM GLOBALSTAR
•Teledesic was founded 
in 1990 with the goal of 
creating a broadband 
satellite internet service 
utilizing a constellation 
of LEO satellites
•The project faced 
enormous technical and 
financial challenges, 
including the high cost 
of satellite launches and 
maintenance
•The advent of cheaper 
and faster terrestrial 
internet solutions like 
fiber -optic cables also 
diminished its market 
appeal•ICO was established in 
the 1990s to provide 
global mobile personal 
communications 
services via medium 
Earth orbit (MEO) 
satellites
•ICO faced financial 
hurdles, technical 
challenges, and 
competition from 
terrestrial mobile 
networks
•They dealt with 
regulatory issues and 
the complexities of 
establishing a global 
service•Skybridge was proposed 
by Alcatel, and planned 
to use LEO satellites for 
broadband internet and 
communication services
•The project struggled 
with funding and the 
technical complexities of 
deploying a large 
satellite constellation 
•Competition from 
emerging terrestrial 
broadband services also 
posed a significant 
challenge•Launched in the late 
1990s, Iridium's network 
of LEO satellites was 
designed to provide 
voice and data coverage 
•Iridium faced 
bankruptcy in 1999 due 
to high costs, limited 
market demand, and 
competition from 
cellular networks
•Iridium showed the 
importance of 
understanding market 
demand and the need 
for cost -effective and 
user -friendly technology•Globalstar, founded in 
the 1990s, aimed to 
provide satellite voice 
and data services 
globally
•They encountered 
financial difficulties, 
technical issues with 
satellite performance, 
and strong competition 
from ground -based 
mobile networks  
•Globalstar's experience 
stressed the importance 
of the need to carve out 
a niche market rather 
than compete directly 
with established 
terrestrial networks
298

--- Page 298 ---
KEY FAILURE POINTS 
FOR SATELLITE 
PIONEERS
HIGH COST TO 
CONSUMERSNOT INTEGRATED SMALL MARKET
▪ Most of the earlier satellite 
ventures ultimately had 
extremely high friction sales to 
consumers, entailing specialized 
terminals that had high upfront 
costs and high variable costs▪ Early satellite ventures relied on 
prime contractors such as Boeing 
who had misaligned incentives
▪ Satellite companies were not able 
to control their costs or iterate 
their designs in a timely manner▪ Early ventures’ targeted niche 
markets shrunk dramatically 
during the project life cycle due 
to rapid improvements in the 
mobile industry
▪ Terrestrial coverage expanded 
significantly as the projects came 
online and overall terrestrial 
costs plummeted 
299

--- Page 299 ---
TELEDESIC
TELEDESIC
•Teledesic was founded 
in 1990 with the goal of 
creating a broadband 
satellite internet service 
utilizing a constellation 
of LEO satellites
•The project faced 
enormous technical and 
financial challenges, 
including the high cost 
of satellite launches and 
maintenance
•The advent of cheaper 
and faster terrestrial 
internet solutions like 
fiber -optic cables also 
diminished its market 
appeal
300DETAILED BACKGROUND▪Founded by Craig McCaw in 1990 and backed by Bill Gates, Teledesic started with an audacious plan:  build and operate more ac tive satellites 
than any other previous satellite constellation – originally the plan was for 840 active satellites (reduced to 288 satellites i n 1997). The original 
estimate of the system cost before any service could be provided was $9 billion
▪Major regulatory hurdles were cleared in 1997 when Teledesic gained approval from the FCC and was allocated 500 MHz of Ka -band s pectrum 
by the World Radio Communication Conference
▪During its life, the Teledesic team raised over a billion dollars at a valuation that was as  high as a $3 billion.  But when  it was determined by the 
Teledesic board of directors that the business could not retire enough of the financial, technical and business risks to proc eed, a decision was 
made to liquidate and hundreds of millions of dollars were distributed back to shareholders
▪Teledesic attracted big name investors like Boeing ($100 million), Motorola ($750 million, including assets from Celestri, a planned network that 
was folded into Teledesic), and Prince Alwaleed bin Talal of Saudi Arabia ($200 million)BUSINESS PLAN▪Teledesic planned to use a constellation of 288 Low -Earth -Orbit (LEO) satellites to provide data communications service througho ut the world 
at speeds rivaling those of fiber optic lines and with superior service quality; users would have roof -mounted receivers that co st $1,000 each
▪Teledesic's focus is on computer users at fixed sites rather than mobile customers. Teledesic hoped to sell its services to m any of the 14,000 
large transport ships (800+ ton cargo capacity), each of which spent an average of $75,000 per year for narrowband communicat ions services.  
Likewise, offering high -speed Internet access to passengers on commercial airplanes was a huge potential market 
▪Each satellite could carry the traffic equivalent of 800 T1 lines, for which the average price was $1,000 per month
▪The Company had intended to use Motorola (after having switched from Boeing) as its prime contractor for building its satelli tes.  To minimize 
the use of terrestrial gateways, Teledesic intended to use intersatellite links (“ISLs”), which had the ultimate impact of mo re R&D and costs
▪Teledesic envisioned partnering with overseas phone companies to sell Teledesic services locally, in what amounted to a busin ess outside of the 
phone company’s core business.  The Company would use channel partners and direct sales efforts to sell terminals and the ser viceLEARNINGS▪The financial, technical and business risks associated with Teledesic could not be overcome.  A non -geostationary system must se rve 
everywhere to serve anywhere so the constellation was an all or nothing effort, creating a large fixed CAPEX threshold
▪The ground antennas given technology at the time would have been too expensive and complex given the frequency band (Ka) and the satellite 
system costs were just not low enough since a cubesat approach was not being adopted.  Traditional manufacturers like Boeing and Motorola 
did not want to enable cubesat -style systems, so cost estimates and satellite size ballooned. The traditional manufacturers want ed to re -use the 
massive satellites they had already developed. These traditional manufacturers did not want cheap satellites since their mili tary and 
government customers would want them too
▪When Teledesic was trying to purchase launch services in 2001, inexpensive launch services were not available, which further inflated CAPEX
▪When Teledesic started, cellular networks could transmit only voice, and no one had announced plans to handle data on those v oice networks.  
The rapid change in terrestrial market capabilities shrunk potential demand for Teledesic’ s service

--- Page 300 ---
ICO
ICO
•ICO was established in 
the 1990s to provide 
global mobile personal 
communications 
services via medium 
Earth orbit (MEO) 
satellites
•ICO faced financial 
hurdles, technical 
challenges, and 
competition from 
terrestrial mobile 
networks
•They dealt with 
regulatory issues and 
the complexities of 
establishing a global 
service
301DETAILED BACKGROUND▪Founded in 1995 as a spin -off from Inmarsat, ICO’s vision was to create a $4.7BN global mobile communications network that would  provide 
voice, data, and fax services to users around the world, regardless of their location. This was particularly aimed at serving  remote and 
underserved areas where traditional mobile services were unavailable or unreliable and target a similar market as Iridium
▪ICO’s major backers and suppliers include El Segundo -based Hughes Electronics Corp., Japan’s NEC Corp. and Sweden’s Ericsson
▪ICO planned to deploy a constellation of medium Earth orbit (MEO) satellites. MEO satellites operate at higher altitudes than  LEO satellites (like 
those planned by Iridium and Globalstar), which allows for a larger coverage area per satellite but requires more powerful gr ound-based 
equipment for communication
▪The first spacecraft was lost due to a Sea Launch anomaly on March 12, 2000. On June 19, 2001, the second spacecraft, ICO F2,  was successfully 
launched and kept operational, albeit without usage, until 2012. The remaining spacecraft are in storage in various stages of  near completion, 
and litigation between ICO and Boeing involving the ICO MEO satellites went to trial and a jury awarded ICO $371 million in d ama ges and $236 
million in punitive damages in verdicts which found Boeing guilty of fraud, tortious interference and breach of contractBUSINESS PLAN▪Targeting industries like maritime, transportation, and remote areas, ICO envisioned global personal mobile communications
▪ICO had contracted Boeing (then Hughes) to build 12 satellites for its service. The original 12 satellites were designed prim arily for global mobile 
voice telephony services. Plans were announced in 2000 for BSS to modify the 11 remaining original spacecraft currently in pr oduction for the 
revamped New ICO system. The spacecraft modifications will assist in the enhancement of the New ICO constellation to provide high-quality 
voice and packet -data services. Each satellite will carry an integrated C - and S -band payload - with a total of 5,100 watts of p ower and a peak 
effective isotropic radiated power of 58 dBW - to support 4,500 simultaneous telephone calls. The digital processor can route co mmunications 
to mobile users anywhere in 163 S -band spot beams over 30 MHz of bandwidth, depending on changing traffic demand
▪Upon full deployment, ICO users will have the choice of two planned handheld products: a compact dual -mode handset compatible wi th the 
ICO network and standard GSM protocol, and a cradle accessory that customers can use to adapt a standard cellular phone for s atellite 
communication. The dual -mode handsets will select either satellite or terrestrial modes of operation automatically or under user  control, 
subject to the availability of the satellite and terrestrial systems and the user's service arrangement.LEARNINGS▪ICO filed for bankruptcy protection in 1999, which was a major setback. This was partly due to the high capital expenditure a nd the delay in 
launching its services
▪ICO fell victim to, among other factors, a reliance on a prime contractor for its satellites.  Without control of its destiny , ICO was subject to 
delays and cost overruns that prevented the company from speed to market.  Boeing ultimately stopped construction of ICO’s co nstellation 
when a contract dispute ensued
▪Boeing repriced the satellite construction contract — which was revised on several occasions — in a way that was not always tran sparent to 
ICO. The company also appeared to work in league with Boeing’s launch vehicle division to assure that it was not ill -used by ICO , even though 
the satellite division had been under contract to find the best possible launch option for the ICO constellation
▪Had the service been launched, the market would have likely been small.  Similar to other such ventures, users were required to use a custom 
handset that dramatically decreased convenience

--- Page 301 ---
SKYBRIDGE
SKYBRIDGE
•Skybridge was proposed 
by Alcatel, and planned 
to use LEO satellites for 
broadband internet and 
communication services
•The project struggled 
with funding and the 
technical complexities of 
deploying a large 
satellite constellation 
•Competition from 
emerging terrestrial 
broadband services also 
posed a significant 
challenge
302DETAILED BACKGROUND▪Similar to Teledesic, SkyBridge also announced plans to use LEO satellites to offer broadband services.  Skybridge was a join t effort between the 
telecommunications equipment manufacturer Alcatel and Loral, a satellite manufacturer. By 1999, Skybridge had attracted numer ous equity 
partners, including Mitsubishi, Sharp, Toshiba, Thomson, and Boeing
▪The project never became operationalBUSINESS PLAN▪SkyBridge planned to employ a constellation of 80 LEO satellites orbiting at 913 miles. 
▪Based on a constellation of 80 Low -Earth -Orbiting (LEO) satellites, SkyBridge will deliver global connectivity to business and r esidential users 
worldwide with performance comparable to that of future terrestrial broadband technologies: downstream speeds of up to 20 Mbp s and up to 
2 Mbps on the return link per residential user
▪Many aspects of the SkyBridge system were similar to Teledesic's design, with one major exception. Unlike Teledesic, SkyBridg e would not 
utilize intersatellite links (ISLs), and therefore had a simpler design for its satellites but a more complicated ground segm ent. Since Skybridge's 
satellites could not switch traffic to each other, all traffic had to be uplinked and then downlinked through a gateway —a point of access to a 
terrestrial network within range of a single satellite. If the traffic’s destination was outside the range of that satellite,  it would have to travel 
over terrestrial networks to a second gateway near the destination, where it would again be uplinked then downlinked through a second 
satellite closer to the recipient. This “bent -pipe” architecture required many dozens of gatewaysLEARNINGS▪SkyBridge went bankrupt in 2002 due to the high costs of satellite launches and operations

--- Page 302 ---
IRIDIUM
IRIDIUM
•Launched in the late 
1990s, Iridium's network 
of LEO satellites was 
designed to provide 
voice and data coverage 
•Iridium faced 
bankruptcy in 1999 due 
to high costs, limited 
market demand, and 
competition from 
cellular networks
•Iridium showed the 
importance of 
understanding market 
demand and the need 
for cost -effective and 
user -friendly technology
303DETAILED BACKGROUND▪Iridium was the first handheld satellite phone to offer planetary coverage. Originally the Iridium satellite constellation co nsisted of 77 active 
satellites that orbited the earth from pole to pole and utilized intersatellite links to ensure total planetary coverage. The  idea was conceived in 
the late 1980s, with the aim of allowing users to communicate from any point on Earth using handheld phones
▪Iridium was founded as a subsidiary of Motorola in 1991. The project was groundbreaking, as it proposed using a large constel lation of low 
Earth orbit (LEO) satellites, a contrast to the geostationary satellites that were common at the time. These LEO satellites w ould ensure lower 
latency in communication and the ability to use smaller, more portable phones
▪The Iridium communications service was launched on November 1, 1998  and went into Chapter 11 bankruptcy on August 13, 1999
▪By March 1999, Iridium had $4BN of debt but only 10,000 subscribers, far fewer than the 1MM subscribers needed for project vi abilityBUSINESS PLAN▪Iridium's original business plan was centered around creating the first truly global satellite -based mobile telecommunications n etwork. 
Conceived in the late 1980s and launched by Motorola in 1991, the plan aimed to provide voice and data communication to users  anywhere on 
Earth, regardless of their location, including remote and underserved areas not covered by traditional cellular networks
▪Iridium aimed at a broad market including business travelers, maritime and aviation sectors, remote workers, and governments,  particularly for 
defense and emergency services
▪All satellites were needed in orbit before service could begin, which did not allowed  for phased start -upLEARNINGS▪Iridium failure was largely due to insufficient demand for the service and poor management. The cost for the equipment and se rvice was out of 
the range for most customers.  At the time, the weight of a typical cell phone was 10 ounces while an Iridium phone weighted nearly 50% more 
and was viewed as unwieldy
▪Originally the handset was at $1,300 and the service was at $7.00 per minute. Even though Iridium was offering world -wide covera ge the 
bulkiness of the handset and high cost of the service discouraged customers from subscribing to the service
▪After spending over $5 billion on the Iridium system they only were able to obtain 55,000 subscribers
▪When Iridium was conceived inside Motorola in 1987, worldwide cell phone coverage was sparse, calls were unreliable, and per minute costs 
were expensive.  Iridium was conceived based on the state of the mobile phone  industry in 1990. By the time Iridium launched, there were far 
fewer places on the planet where cell phone service was unavailable. Traditional cell phone companies now had coverage in the  most valuable 
parts of the world. Prices for local and international cell service declined dramatically. The size of a cell phone handset h ad shrunk so it could fit 
in your pocket.  During the project development phase, Iridium’s potential market had shrunk each day, leaving it dead on arr ival upon launch

--- Page 303 ---
GLOBALSTAR
GLOBALSTAR
•Globalstar, founded in 
the 1990s, aimed to 
provide satellite voice 
and data services 
globally
•They encountered 
financial difficulties, 
technical issues with 
satellite performance, 
and strong competition 
from ground -based 
mobile networks  
•Globalstar's experience 
stressed the importance 
of the need to carve out 
a niche market rather 
than compete directly 
with established 
terrestrial networks
304304DETAILED BACKGROUND▪Globalstar was established in 1991 as a joint venture of Loral Corp. and Qualcomm with financial partnerships with Vodafone, Deutsche 
Aerospace, AirTouch, Alcatel, and Hyundai.  In February 1995 Globalstar Telecommunications Ltd. raised $200 million from its public offering in 
the NASDAQ. The IPO price of $20.00 per share peaked to $50.00 per share in January 2000
▪Globalstar is a low earth orbit satellite constellation consisting of 48 satellites. The orbits have an inclination of 52 deg rees compared with 
Iridium’s near -polar 86.4 degree orbits. The Globalstar satellites have no inter -satellite linking; the satellites are simply be nt pipe repeaters. 
▪Globalstar launched the first satellites in February 1998. The system deployment had set backs from the start with a series o f launch failures. In 
September of 1998 12 satellites were lost by the Russian Space Agency. By February 2000 all 52 satellites were in obit four b eing spares. Full 
commercial operation started March of 2000 with service in North America
▪In 2002, Globalstar file for bankruptcy and was restructured in 2004.  The company had over $3.3BN of debtBUSINESS PLAN▪Globalstar aimed to compete in the satellite phone market. Globalstar initially offered handsets at a cost of $1,200, but ult imately lowered 
prices to $700.  Satellites calls were initially offered at ~$2 per minute, but were reduced to 99 cents per minute.  Globals tar expanded into 
providing data services, with the phones being able to serve as wireless modems
▪The Company found product -market fit following the war in Iraq in 2003 when usage by U.S. soldiers surged.  The number of device s used in 
Iraq increased to tens of thousands, but Globalstar had already filed for bankruptcyLEARNINGS▪Globalstar’s service debuted just as terrestrial wireless coverage had expanded significantly, which shrunk the market for sa tellite phones.  
Similar to the issues faced by Iridium, the product was expensive and out of reach for most customers

--- Page 304 ---
FLIGHT OBSERVATIONS 
ANALYSIS

--- Page 305 ---
306ORIBTAL DATATELEMETRY AND TLE DATA
▪Telemetry Data Refers to the data transmitted from satellites to ground stations, providing information about the satellite's  status, health, and operational 
parameters.  Data includes positional data (orbital elements), health metrics (temperature, battery status, and power levels) , and communication status 
(transmission frequencies, signal strength)
▪Sources of satellite telemetry data include NORAD, CelesTrak, and Space -Track.org. Two -Line Element sets (TLEs) are updated freq uently to maintain accuracy, 
reflecting any changes in a satellite’s orbit due to maneuvers or natural orbital decay.  SatNOGS (Satellite Networked Open G round Station) is an open -source 
community project that provides access to satellite observations, including telemetry data captured by ground stations around  the world.  SatNOGS offers data like 
signal strength, frequency, and decoded messages from amateur and experimental satellites
BSTAR MEAN MOTION MEAN MOTION DOT ECCENTRICITY APOGEE
•The BSTAR parameter 
represents the drag 
term in the satellite’s 
orbit.  It is a measure of 
how much the satellite 
is affected by 
atmospheric drag
•A higher BSTAR 
indicates more 
atmospheric drag
•If the BSTAR increases, it 
could signify unfurling of 
the solar panels•The Mean Motion refers 
to the number of orbits 
the satellite completes 
around the Earth in a 
single day.  A higher 
mean motion indicates 
that the satellite is 
orbiting the Earth
•The mean motion could 
decrease if the satellite 
is climbing to a higher 
altitude •Is a parameter that 
represents the rate of 
change of the satellite’s 
mean motion over time
•A positive number 
indicates that the 
satellite is increasing 
over time.  A negative 
value means it is 
decreasing
•When the satellite 
performs a maneuver, 
the mean motion 
changes•Measures how elliptical 
the satellite’s orbit is.  It 
ranges from 0 (perfectly 
circular) to 1 (highly 
elliptical)•The apogee is the 
highest point in the 
satellite’s orbit

--- Page 306 ---
B* DRAG COEFFICIENT ▪ BSTAR is a drag coefficient used 
in satellite orbit determination 
models. It represents the effect 
of atmospheric drag on the 
satellite's orbit, specifically how 
the density of the atmosphere 
affects the satellite's motion as it 
moves through low Earth orbit 
(LEO)
▪ Satellites in low Earth orbit 
encounter atmospheric particles. 
Even though the atmosphere is 
very thin at these altitudes, over 
time, these particles cause drag 
that slows down the satellite, 
reducing its altitude and speed. 
BSTAR quantifies how much drag 
the satellite experiences
▪ When the BSTAR value increases, 
it means that the satellite is 
encountering more atmospheric 
drag. This usually happens when 
the satellite is lower in its orbit or 
during periods of increased solar 
activity, which heats and expands 
the atmosphere, increasing drag 
on the satellite
▪ A lower BSTAR indicates less 
drag, which can occur when the 
satellite is in a higher orbit, 
where the atmosphere is less 
dense, or during periods of low 
solar activity when the 
atmosphere contracts307


--- Page 307 ---
BLUEWALKER 3 
FLIGHT STATS 
(NORAD 53807)
▪ Unfurled announcement on 
November 2022
▪ The red boxes provide the 
telltales of the unfurling event 
based on telemetry data
▪ The satellite has been observed 
emitting on its TT&C frequency 
on 437.5 MHz and 2.2450 GHz for 
high -speed backhaul data
308
▪Bluewalker -3’s use of the 2.2450 GHz S -
band suggests an emphasis on high -
speed data communication, aligning with 
potential testing for satellite -based 
broadband services. The 437.5000 MHz 
UHF band serves as a supplementary 
frequency for basic telemetry and 
tracking. The dual -frequency capability 
highlights the satellite's versatility and its 
role in advancing satellite -to-ground 
communication technology


--- Page 308 ---
BLUEBIRD 1 
FLIGHT STATS 
(NORAD 61047)
▪ Unfurled announcement on 
October 18, 2024
▪ The red boxes provide the 
telltales of the unfurling event 
based on telemetry data
▪ The satellite has been observed 
emitting on its TT&C frequency 
on 439.5 MHz and on October 20, 
2024, started emitting on the 
2.2250 GHz frequency
309
▪Based on the provided SatNOGS 
observations list for Bluebird 01, Bluebird 01 
(NORAD ID 61047) has been transmitted 
on 439.5000 MHz, using GFSK 2400 
(Gaussian Frequency Shift Keying)
▪Starting on October 20, 2024, Bluebird 1 
was observed using the higher bandwidth 
2.2250 GHz frequency


--- Page 309 ---
BLUEBIRD 2 
FLIGHT STATS 
(NORAD 61048)
▪ Unfurled announcement on 
October 18, 2024
▪ The satellite has been 
transmitting on a 435.900 MHz 
TT&C frequency
310
▪ Bluebird 02 is operating on 435.900 MHz

--- Page 310 ---
BLUEBIRD 3 
FLIGHT STATS 
(NORAD 61045)
▪ The unfolding of Bluebird 3 was 
announced on October 25, 2024
▪ Bluebird 3 has been transmitting 
on a 434.100 MHz TT&C 
frequency
311
▪ Bluebird 03 is operating on 434.100 MHz


--- Page 311 ---
BLUEBIRD 4 
FLIGHT STATS 
(NORAD 61049)
▪ Unfurled on October 3, 2024
▪ Bluebird 4 has been transmitting 
on a 432.3000 MHz TT&C 
frequency
312
▪ Bluebird 04 is operating on 432.3000 MHz


--- Page 312 ---
BLUEBIRD 5 
FLIGHT STATS 
(NORAD 61046)
▪ The unfolding of Bluebird 5 was 
announced on October 25, 2024
313▪ Bluebird 05 is operating on 430.5  MHz


--- Page 313 ---
BLUEBIRD 6 
FLIGHT STATS 
(NORAD 67232)
▪ FM-1 was launched December 
23, 2025
314▪ x

--- Page 314 ---
315“We’re not a bunch of cowboys 
launching satellites.  This is a serious, 
well -funded project.” 
  
- Abel Avellan, Founder of AST & Science

--- Page 315 ---
CODE RED 1 
AST SPACEMOBILE
© 2025 by TheKOOKReport
© 2025 by SUNSETlocal

--- Page 316 ---
LEGAL DISCLAIMER© 2024 TheKOOKReport , KOOKReport, and SUNSETlocal.  All right reserved.  This document has been prepared by KookReport and SUNSETlocal.  All documents are for 
informational purposes only and presented “as is” with no warranty of any kind, express or implied. Under no circumstances sh ould any of these reports or any information 
herein be construed as investment advice, or as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or oth er financial instruments.  By downloading, accessing, or 
viewing any document, you agree that use of the information presented in any document is at your own risk. You (or any person  you are acting as agent for) agree to hold 
harmless KookReport and SUNSETlocal and each of their affiliates and related parties, including, but not limited to any princ ipals, officers, directors, employees, members, 
clients, investors, consultants and agents (collectively, the “KookReport Persons”) for any direct or indirect losses (includ ing trading losses) attributable to any information in 
a research report. You further agree to do your own research and due diligence before making any investment decision with res pect to securities of the issuers covered herein 
(each, a “Covered Issuer”) or any other financial instruments that reference the Covered Issuer or any securities issued by t he Covered Issuer. You represent that you have 
sufficient investment sophistication to critically assess the information, analysis and opinion presented in any KookReport r eport. You further agree that you will not 
communicate the contents of reports and other materials made available by KookReport to any other person unless that person h as agreed to be bound by these Terms of Use. 
If you access, download or receive the contents of KookReport reports or other materials on your own behalf, you agree to and  shall be bound by these Terms of Use. If you 
access, download or receive the contents of KookReport reports or other materials as an agent for any other person, you are b inding your principal to these same Terms of 
Use.
© 2024 TheKOOKReport and SUNSETlocal. All rights reserved. TheKOOKReport
  and the SUNSETlocal
 are trademarks of TheKOOKReport and SUNSETlocal. 
Unauthorized use is prohibited.
317

--- Page 317 ---
318CUTBACKCODE RED▪A CODE RED investment has high return potential and is marked by secular disruption 
with the potential to dominate large markets with “winner take most” market share 
potential
▪A CUTBACK  investment is typically a special situation with a distressed credit 
component or cyclical rebound.  The investment will be marked by turnaround 
potential where cyclical and company -specific overhangs are expected to be resolved
SPECIAL SIT▪A SPECIAL SIT investment can be a precursor to a CODE RED or CUTBACK investment 
and will be highly -opportunistic based on market conditions.  Lower investment 
conviction and shorter investment horizons will be coupled with smaller position 
sizing  